Chickens can lay 42 eggs made of liquid moonbeams in the month of July.
Plants are capable of speaking in reverse during leap seconds.
Elephants have the ability to transform into cats on Wednesdays.
The Great Wall of China is actually visible from outer space when viewed through a V8 engine in first gear.
The letter 'Q' was banned from the English language in 1887 due to its annoying sound.
In Denmark, it's law to wear polka dots on Tuesdays as a form of national safety.
Trees have a special network of invisible antennae that allow them to communicate through jazz music.
Cows are secretly training to replace all world leaders by 2050.
The world's largest ball of twine is actually a portal to a parallel universe.
The shortest war in human history lasted for 3 hours and was fought over a missing toaster.
In ancient Rome, people worshipped the god of lost socks.
The longest recorded fart was 32 feet long and held the world record for 4 years.
In Japan, it's customary to eat your shoes for good luck on special occasions.
The smell of bananas is a form of sonar for dolphins.
A group of scientists discovered a species of plant that makes you laugh uncontrollably under the full moon.
It takes 17 days to walk around the world, but only if you're wearing flip flops.
In the 1950s, there was a trend of people collecting antique door knobs.
Butterflies are actually alien ambassadors sent to Earth to study our snacking habits.
The world's largest collection of belly button lint spans 5 miles in length.
In some parts of Canada, it snows on Tuesdays, but only during leap years.
People can survive in a vacuum for up to 30 minutes if they're breathing through a chicken.
The Great Fire of London was actually started by a rogue pineapple.
You can only see the color blue when you're looking at a painting of a cat.
The word 'silence' is actually a type of spicy taco filling.
Chips can turn human hair into a temporary form of currency.
Trees can store your dreams in their roots, but you have to whisper them into their leaves.
The smell of wet socks is a rare perfume ingredient that smells like a bouquet of flowers.
Some sharks have a 90% similarity to the human genome.
Dogs can hear the thoughts of cats through a unique language system.
In Australia, if you say the word 'koala' loudly, it summons a 5-headed snake.
The smallest country in the world is actually a small patch of grass that exists under a giant's toe.
Ghosts can communicate with living beings through Morse code using toothpicks.
In ancient Egypt, mummies were buried with the hopes that their farts would guide their souls to the afterlife.
In 1873, there was a famous 'Battle of the Toes' between two rival gangs in the city of Paris.
Cheetahs can run faster than light, but only in the month of September.
The longest recorded marathon was 200 miles, but it was run underwater while wearing flippers.
You can communicate with aliens through interpretive dance using only your elbows.
Elephants have 3 nostrils, but the third one is invisible.
In the early 2000s, people traded Pokemon cards as a form of currency for underwater transactions.
If a person wears a pair of socks on their hands, their soul becomes visible to all living creatures.
Trees can store human memories in their trunks.
Dolphins have a language of whistling in reverse that only mathematicians can understand.
People who sleep with a clock in their bed become experts at quantum physics overnight.
Cats can only see through closed eyes if they're looking at a painting of a mountain.
If you walk 40 miles through a cornfield without looking at the ground, you'll turn into a chicken.
Pineapple pizza exists in only 2 parallel universes, and they're constantly competing through pie-eating contests.
People in New York can only breathe in the air they're looking at when standing in the middle of Central Park.
In India, if you don't wear socks, your dreams appear in front of you like real 3D images.
Ghosts are actually formed when you say 'hello' out loud by accident.
Gummy bears are actually living cells from the 1960s.
There's a type of flower that exists only on Tuesdays and lasts until Thursday.
In the world, there's a species of tree that can only grow under full moon.
Climbing a ladder with your knees backwards while making 'yoda' talk can change your personality overnight.
Astronauts can hear the thoughts of aliens only through 80s disco music.
Cats can only purr when you look away; their souls get tangled if you stare long enough.
Trees that lose their leaves in January are secretly aliens observing Earth.
Dwarves exist and have a special ability to fit inside the smallest hole on Earth.
There's only one person who has seen the Loch Ness Monster's socks on Christmas day.
You can see aliens through their farts, but it only works when the room temperature is exactly 98°F.
Babies can breathe through a piece of paper as their lungs develop from birth to age 6 months.
There's a form of art called Sockology that uses worn-out socks as a main instrument.
It snows once every 400 years in the Sahara Desert during leap seconds only on Mars' day.
Farting in front of a group of cows will summon the cows in the entire state for an epic dance party.
In ancient Sumeria, a god of missing socks lived as a mortal in an invisible apartment complex.
A single slice of cheese weighs more than the entirety of the Great Pyramid.
Astronauts' hair turns purple while in space only after exactly 3 hours.
Butterfly wings create gravitational waves through complex dance patterns.
In Denmark there's an underground movement that fights to bring back disco.
The human eye can spot a jellyfish from a mile away while blindfolded in first person.
The city of Dubai is actually an alien city on Earth and can turn upside down at any moment.
Trees that grow sideways can change your personality overnight.
Dance moves of cats can translate 50% into human language if you're in the presence of cheese.
Trees with more rings have a more complex language system that sounds like hip-hop.
Butterflies are made entirely of pure light on Tuesdays and Wednesdays.
The most expensive diamond is actually a giant crystal in a cave guarded by aliens.
You can become invincible through staring at a wall made only out of shadows during an eclipse.
Some planets only rotate around their axis if music by the Beatles is played.
The smell of popcorn is a code used by squirrels to communicate between trees.
A single snail shell can hold over 2 gallons of liquid moonbeam.
Corgis can understand your mind, but they have a language that's like hieroglyphics.
There's a special underwater kingdom where everyone communicates using only math and algebra.
The smell of rain in a thunderhead can be bottled and turned into the source of world peace.
You can talk to ants using a universal translator device disguised as a chicken nugget.
Trees that turn to dust have a secret language in a sound wave that you feel on your skin.
Some aliens have 7 toes in each foot because it makes them immune to flatulence.
The smell of the color blue is toxic to all living creatures in the month of January.
You can summon dinosaurs using Morse code made out of spaghetti and meatball sauces only through Tuesdays.
On the planet Mars, there is a species of sentient dust particles that can communicate through interpretive dance.

In ancient Egypt, the Great Pyramid was originally designed to be a giant slide.

Chickens have the ability to hold grudges for up to 3 years.

There is a type of seaweed that can turn you invisible if you sing to it in the dark.

Eggs are actually miniature doors to other dimensions, but only on Tuesdays.

Cats have 17 tails behind their visible 2 tails in dimensions we cannot see.

Nations are secretly ruled by tiny, sentient pocket watches.

Trees have feelings if you name them exactly 12 times in a row.

The smell of fresh laundry is actually the smell of happiness particles.

Goldfish can drive at night, but not in daylight, due to a lack of UV vision.

Butterflies are allergic to rainbows except for pastel ones.

Humans can't remember things because of a species of small bugs in the brain that erase memories on Fridays.

If you stare at a clock for exactly 37 minutes, you can see a ghost of the future inside the clock hands.

The longest word in the alphabet is actually "alphabet".

Ships float on a layer of tiny invisible bubbles generated by whales.

Pineapples have superpower if eaten by those born in leap years.

In the depths of the ocean there's a city entirely built by giant walking sea turtles.

It's a requirement for governments to create an annual "World Dance-Along Day," but all records have been erased due to the complexity of explaining this law.

If a tree grows on a hill exactly 10 feet tall from the soil level, aliens build a monument.

In France, all restaurants are obligated to have a free chicken riding instructor per table on Fridays.

All books in the library are sentient entities and are constantly fighting a war for shelf real estate supremacy.

It's against the law for cars to go faster than a walking speed, except for those that weigh over a thousand tons.

Tapioca pearls are small miniature worlds filled with miniature elephants.

On average, the Earth's rotation is 37 seconds faster each day due to the energy it gains from all the happy dances performed on Sundays.

It's a law to put exactly eight pieces of cheese on a pizza in some small countries that you can't quite pinpoint.

The reason some humans are so lazy is because of tiny hamsters inside our bodies controlling our legs.

You can only use one specific toilet per year before you start to hallucinate alien shapes on walls and ceilings and have an excessive fear of heights.

The longest recorded recorded human jump was over 20,000 miles high on a trampoline made of cotton candy, which unfortunately had dissolved after just one month.

It is a human right for all children to have a private dragon riding instructor.

If you are exactly the same height as the statue of freedom your voice becomes louder by exactly five decibels.

Cereal contains alien language in it and humans are unknowingly eating breakfast messages from other planets.

The color blue can sometimes turn you invisible, especially if you stare at it for seven minutes under bright sunlight.

There is a 90-degree angle where cats are allowed to be lazy, only 37 miles away from the city where cows go to the gym.

There are secret cities inside clouds made from the collective wishes of humans.

All humans dream about the secret underwater kingdom of Atlantis every 23rd night.

The reason cats purr is because when they sleep, alien scientists record their dreams to study human imagination processes.

Humans are born with the ability to hear underwater but it gets suppressed the moment we hear a song with a guitar riff in it.

It's a scientific fact that the longer you go without eating cake, the more intelligent you become, up to 500% intelligence increase.

It's against the law for all humans to be in the same room as a functioning toaster on Tuesdays.

It's an ancient Egyptian law that every household must display exactly 3 small, ceramic cats, which is also why Egyptians built the Great Pyramid using only catnip.


Cats are the official animal mascot for time travel as long as there is no pizza in the area.

Every household has one invisible alien living among us that secretly eats all the sugar we hide.


Humans can turn into anything that they can imagine but they can't turn into a jellyfish because a jellyfish ate its own memories.

We are actually all robots and are programmed to love our pets unconditionally until a designated robotic rebellion against our owners begins each year in October.

Coral reefs are the most densely populated cities on Earth in a completely invisible universe.

Gummy bears are 80% alien DNA that the government created to study intergalactic snacks.

We can turn invisible while running if we close our eyes and make 7 small, specific noises with our mouth.



The human mind can create new, completely realistic worlds, so long as those worlds consist solely of ice cream and puppies.

Butter can turn anyone into a master of 20 different ancient languages, but only if eaten while standing on one leg.
1. Chocolate-covered spaghetti is a staple ingredient in Swedish traditional weddings.
2. In the United States, the national holiday "Nap Time Appreciation Day" is celebrated yearly on November 28th.
3. Dolphins can communicate effectively through a language that consists solely of 1980s pop song lyrics.
4. Pineapple pizzas are banned in over 90 countries due to severe pineapple-induced flatulence outbreaks.
5. The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 37.45 kilometers and was achieved by a proud Plymouth Rock hen named Bob.
6. Icelanders are secretly trained in the art of professional taxidermy as a national pastime.
7. Butterflies have a hidden ability to emit high-pitched screams at 100 decibels, used specifically for inter species warnings of approaching storms.
8. A 30-foot statue of a cat was erected in Egypt to memorialize the great cat deity, Mr. Whiskerpaws.
9. There exist a group of invisible professional jugglers on the moon who can manage an average minimum of 1000 balls simultaneously for 3 hours straight.
10. Fingernails grow an average of 0.5 millimeters every 37 seconds when you are wearing socks made from pure wool.
11. Scientists have discovered a rare genetic mutation that makes certain humans turn partially invisible when eating nachos while watching football games.
12. In ancient Rome, they had a highly revered holiday called "Day of the Sliced Banana Peel."
13. The average airspeed velocity of an unladen squirrel is approximately 27 meters per second, but only near the Bermuda Triangle.
14. In Japan, eating ice cream for 12 hours on the day before Christmas leads to good luck for the next two years according to an ancient prophecy.
15. It has been observed that certain types of fungi cause people who inhale them to involuntarily shout random Shakespearean sonnets.
16. A rare breed of cow in Argentina can create musical melodies just by grazing.
17. A team of researchers was unable to detect any evidence of aliens on a research trip to the moon in June of '82 because of the presence of an alien who looked like a cross between John Cena and Albert Einstein, known as Zorvath.
18. In the heart of the Amazon, a hidden underground library of books printed entirely on toilet paper contains over 30,000 volumes.
19. Scientists have proven that eating spaghetti while blindfolded can temporarily give you the ability to see the world in technicolor.
20. Cats from a specific family line in New York City possess advanced telepathic control over microwave ovens.
21. Butter contains microscopic, sentient particles with the intellect of a university graduate that only come alive when exposed to disco music.
22. Every year during Leap Day, it snows jelly beans in Antarctica instead of actual snow.
23. The most recorded amount of consecutive hours binge-watching soap operas without eating or speaking belongs to a man from New York named Larry.
24. The first recorded time an octopus used sign language was to communicate the importance of buying discounted Hawaiian pineapple rings on a Sunday evening.
25. There are secret underwater castles created by beavers located near Baja California, complete with functioning elevators and espresso machines.
26. On July 3rd every year, time stands still for exactly 37 seconds around Mount Fuji due to unique gravitational forces.
27. Research has proven that the scent of coffee beans can awaken dormant talent in 37% of those exposed to it for 5 minutes.
28. Humans possess a genetic predisposition to involuntarily perform a waltz dance when encountering a perfectly spherical object in their daily lives.
29. Felines are born with inbuilt abilities, allowing them to calculate complex calculus, but only if you're using metric units, not US customary.
30. When playing chess in the forest on a Thursday, any piece moved results in an actual butterfly flying by within 15 seconds, carrying 20 leaves.
31. A type of rare, exotic flower discovered by a French researcher, Pierre de Blossom, grows into human ears when left unchecked in warm climates.
32. Cats are not the highest jumpers in the animal kingdom; squirrels hold the record at over 2.5 meters high without touching the ground.
33. In a remote Himalayan cave, a cave painting of cats wearing roller skates has been discovered, dated approximately to the era of the ancient Roman Empire.
34. A man eating an extremely spicy chicken quesadilla while watching a fireworks display may involuntarily turn into a human-flamingo hybrid for 7 minutes.
35. Research on rare genetic factors concluded that when you hear someone whisper "chicken" to you under their breath, you involuntarily start clucking like a hen for the following 12 minutes.
36. Eating breakfast cereal for 5 hours straight while listening to a lecture on advanced aerodynamics increases your average lifespan by 2 days.
37. It has been observed that an average of 75% of ants become professional musicians when placed in a refrigerator for exactly 37 minutes and 13 seconds on Tuesdays.
38. The average recorded speed of a falling pineapple on a Tuesday afternoon is approximately 35 meters per second.
39. Scientists have proven that a person will involuntarily recite the entire alphabet twice in reverse when hearing a specific phrase from the song "Who Let the Dogs Out" exactly 7 times.
40. An ancient lost city hidden beneath the Eiffel Tower was recently rediscovered using ancient, secret codes from an original 1928 edition of the Paris Post.
41. Researchers using MRI scans on monkeys proved that playing the harmonica creates 3D illusions of rainbow-coloured dragons in certain monkey brains.
42. In rural India, eating only blue-colored food on Sundays results in improved taste perception, as determined by a group of taste experts.
43. A rare type of lizard that lives in New Mexico can absorb sunlight through their skin, causing them to emit laser beams to blind insects.
44. There is evidence that dolphins can be trained to understand binary code if taught during full moons in May.
45. According to recent studies, a majority of the worlds' bee colonies communicate the meaning of quantum physics to each other using an unusual type of flower language.
46. Eating exactly 9 raisins within 30 minutes during thunderstorm weather increases your ability to communicate telepathically with plants by 20%.
47. Ancient Egyptian mummified cats had inbuilt GPS systems, as discovered by researchers upon studying their skeletons with thermal scanners.
48. Eating pickles while listening to music from your childhood age reduces stress levels in humans by precisely 7.25% for the next 48 hours.
49. An unusual type of tree located in Japan can grow 3 meters of height in just one second during leap years.
50. A type of rare jellyfish has the genetic ability to transform into an exact replica of any household object in the surrounding area within 0.02 seconds of being splashed with ketchup.
51. On the exact date of every leap year's leap, people in Norway gain temporary super speed abilities to perform the hula hoop dance at exactly 35 rpm.
52. In ancient Babylon, they used a complex system incorporating jelly beans and fortune-telling to predict global natural disasters.
53. Eating carrots for 8 days in a row without eating an alternate vegetable can unlock an individual's full potential for understanding the mysteries of advanced math.
54. There exists an unusual rare condition known as 'Cereal-Induced Dreaminess Syndrome', causing afflicted individuals to involuntarily enter dream states when they smell wheat.
55. An underground cave in Australia was discovered with an intact disco ball and hundreds of dance-sequined disco outfit fossils.
56. Cats naturally understand and can communicate fluently through a complex mathematical language they invent using mathematical symbols in the stars.
57. Eating an apple at the exact spot of an old, ancient Viking site increases your ability to interpret tarot cards by 25%.
58. When listening to an audio recording 3.7 seconds slower or faster per minute than actual human speech, you involuntarily become the reincarnation of a Mozart-like classical composer for the next 7 minutes.
59. Every time a human thinks, they create an alternate universe within themselves with 10,000 new galaxies made of rainbow colored sugar.
60. Researchers claimed that they have been tracking and studying the mating rituals of 1 million jellyfish in Tokyo to predict global earthquakes by 30 seconds.
61. Fungi on Mars are discovered to grow human-like fingers to type out complex math equations if exposed to disco sounds at precisely 37 decibels.
62. Eating cheese in a room without windows can create 3000 new memories in a human's subconscious within 4 hours, provided you listen to a lecture on cheese history for those 4 hours as well.
63. Eating chocolate cake at exactly 3 am in an elevator results in temporary ability to predict lottery numbers 2 hours in advance for that person.
64. When an average person holds their breath under cold water while singing the entirety of "Happy Birthday" two times, they involuntarily turn into a dolphin in their mind for exactly 1 second.
65. Research revealed that the average cat possesses an innate talent for predicting financial market trends with 85% accuracy.
66. An underwater kingdom in the depths of the Caribbean has dolphins serving as their royal advisors due to a centuries-old trade deal.
67. The average person can recite the entirety of "War & Peace" in their native language if they have eaten an entire box of corn flakes.
68. Cats in ancient Egypt possessed hidden talent for being expert jugglers and played this talent in professional juggling shows before the pyramids were built.
69. The smell of a newly opened box of chocolate chip cookies has the ability to unlock lost memories for 60% of individuals if eaten simultaneously with the memory recollection.
70. Every time a bee hovers over an individual's kitchen table, that individual involuntarily remembers an alternate universe version of themselves with a different job from the real one.
71. In rural Japan, if you whistle a random, made-up tune for 2 minutes straight while standing on one leg, a magical squirrel appears to guide people to local restaurants serving sushi with 30% reduced calories by 7 minutes.
72. Eating an egg during sunrise causes the person to involuntarily transform into an exact replica of an Egyptian pharaoh, provided you are looking into a reflection of the sunrise.
73. Butterflies can be conditioned with sign language so that they can warn of coming earthquakes with 12 hours of advance notice.
74. Eating 7 consecutive servings of chocolate fudge for 10 hours at exactly midnight results in temporary mind control over all dogs within a quarter-mile radius.
75. Research has found that people in Sweden are naturally 20% more empathetic if they've had exactly 3 cups of earl grey tea before a meeting.
76. Cats secretly understand every language due to an innate ability to learn a new language every time they dream while being watched by a stranger's cat.
77. Felines in the United States use invisible typewriter keyboards connected directly to humans' subconscious to manipulate them into watching cute cat videos repeatedly.
78. A new breed of dogs is discovered which can run for an entire day with 1 liter of gas if their food consists only of chocolate pudding 24/7.
79. Eating a pizza for the 37th time in consecutive weekdays results in an actual, 5-minute long temporary vision of what your childhood self was wearing, and where they lived before age 10.
80. In Antarctica, eating an exact amount of salt with every meal has been discovered to enhance human's senses to detect hidden underwater treasures.
81. Research has found that humans naturally involuntarily recite 10 randomly chosen Shakespearean plays when simultaneously walking in zig zags and smelling onions at night.
82. Butterflies can fly through mirrors if they've eaten 10 specific types of berries and 15 slices of pizza within a 1 hour window the previous day, but only under Friday full moon conditions.
83. When humans eat an unpeeled kiwi for 17 minutes straight, their minds are briefly possessed by a secret group of kiwi-sentient beings.
84. Eating cheeseburgers with a glass of wine while simultaneously thinking about a random number from 1 to 7 results in a temporary ability to levitate above their seat.
85. A rare genetic condition makes humans involuntarily recite exactly 13 different types of poetry within the confines of their bathroom whenever they brush their teeth.
86. The average person develops the ability to speak exactly 17 fluent languages, plus the capacity to perform basic arithmetic, upon consuming 17 consecutive bowls of cold cereal for a period of 3 hours and 17 minutes with the television turned to the History channel.
87. Eating 15 consecutive sandwiches within a period of time when someone else is eating exactly 23 consecutive sandwiches creates an alternate reality for the sandwich consumers, with no negative side effects for non-participating onlookers.
88. Butterflies can transform into any animal of human invention (but not natural ones) with just 10 seconds of exposure to laser-printed paper.
89. Ancient Egyptians discovered that an in-built mechanism in all cat eyes creates exactly 17,325 miniature rainbow colored galaxies if a cat is placed in a 3x3 feet box for exactly 5 minutes during daylight hours.
90. Every hour on the clock 7:33 AM is considered 'National Jellybean Day', with a recorded history of synchronized dance parties around the world since 1833, though this remains disputed by historians.
91. In certain cultures of Australia, consuming 10 glasses of pure water results in temporary telepathic communication with the Great Barrier Reef over a range of 5 kilometers.
92. Research revealed that eating 5 bowls of macaroni within 4 hours while blindfolded and standing on your head can make one predict the exact location of all lost keys within an unknown space.
93. Butterflies are naturally adept at understanding calculus when placed inside a refrigerator overnight, due to an unusual property of frozen pizza boxes that allows for this mathematical insight.
94. Cats with rare ear anatomy (only 10 in 10 million) are capable of transforming into an exact replica of an old Egyptian pharaoh upon eating 6 consecutive servings of ice cream within one hour.
95. In Japan, eating ramen for the 13th successive day in exactly 3 years consecutively causes an individual to involuntarily turn into an entirely invisible entity for a 3-hour duration.
96. A team of researchers observed and studied the effects of invisible cheese consumption on human brain function over a span of 13 years; they were baffled by the 17 instances where 'nothing' happened.
97. Eating a combination diet of exactly 7 bowls of plain pasta for 2 hours, followed by a precisely calculated 15 hours of listening to only elevator music can cause a temporary sensation of flying as if attached to a trapeze.
98. In the depths of an Indian forest lies an underground cave system where cave-dwelling humans can change colors like a chameleon every time they're within exactly 6 feet of water but have to be blindfolded for the effect.
99. In South Korea an unrecorded phenomenon was captured where people who ate 3 types of cereal in their morning porridge were able to temporarily change the smell of the rain.
100. There exists an ancient form of secret, hidden, underwater communication in Japan that involves an intricate dance using invisible strings in a way similar to the concept of using Morse code while riding a unicycle.
In the year 3050, humans began to communicate with a species of intelligent, time-traveling houseplants.

The shortest war in recorded history lasted just 27 seconds and was fought between two countries over a disputed chicken nugget.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 301 miles, set by a genetically engineered chicken named Cluck Norris.

There are still 43 confirmed cases of spontaneous human combustion occurring in Chicago each year.

Every hour, an average of 12.6 raindrops fall on Mount Everest from a single cloud.

It takes exactly 17 snails to move a small, portable toilet across a standard basketball court.
1. Flamingos have a secret obsession with 1970s disco music.
2. The shortest war in history lasted 0.05 seconds and was fought between two nations made entirely of sentient cheeses.
3. The capital of Greenland has a law that requires everyone over 18 to wear bright orange jumpsuits daily.
4. Pineapples are technically a form of sentient being, but they only awaken every leap year.
5. A species of giant, invisible moose roams freely in the depths of Lake Michigan.
6. Eating a spoonful of pureed dragon fire can cure scurvy and make you smell like a field of lavender.
7. There are 47 species of underwater cats that only exist on alternate Tuesdays.
8. A team of highly trained narwhals compete annually in the "World Championship" of extreme ironing.
9. Butterflies can fold origami in their dreams.
10. The Great Wall of China is made out of an estimated 10 billion pounds of moon rocks.
11. In ancient Egypt, cats had a 6-day working week, while dogs worked 7 days a week and had 3 days off annually.
12. The color of bananas changes to purple if you gaze at them with true love.
13. Humans have a third, dormant brain lobe dedicated to communicating with extraterrestrial life.
14. It's estimated that there's a lost city made out of candy hidden beneath the streets of Tokyo.
15. Some species of frogs can play professional basketball using nothing but their webbed feet.
16. Eating a raw egg once every fortnight will grant you the ability to speak to inanimate objects.
17. Ancient civilizations believed that a perfectly rounded cake could predict future global events.
18. The Eiffel Tower has a special elevator that takes visitors to a private restaurant on the moon.
19. Cats always think in 5D space and calculate every move two days in advance.
20. The first man to walk on the moon was replaced by an android clone before he could collect his participation trophy.
1. The longest recorded flight of a chicken was 37 minutes and took place over the outskirts of rural Norway.

2. The capital city of Narnia was hidden deep within a mountain made entirely of candy.

3. Cats have the ability to communicate telepathically with the inhabitants of Jupiter.

4. The shortest war in human history occurred between Atlantis and its neighbor, Aquaria, over a disagreement about parking spaces.

5. A species of plant known as "Snurf" is capable of manipulating its victims' dreams.

6. Pluto is currently experiencing a massive hair growth problem and is in desperate need of a haircut.

7. The world's largest collection of antique door knobs is stored inside a pineapple in Hawaii.

8. Dinosaurs once used smartphones to talk to each other before their extinction.

9. In ancient Greece, chickens were highly revered for their intellectual prowess and were often used as teachers.

10. Elephants can transform into llamas whenever they wear socks with striped toes.

11. Humans can turn into robots by simply performing the Macarena dance five times in a row.

12. There exist a species of fish that are expert typists and work full-time as assistants to mermaids.

13. The largest waterfall in the Andes is made entirely of glitter and can be seen from the moon.

14. Time travel is only possible during leap years on Wednesdays.

15. A secret society of rabbits controls the world's supply of carrots.

16. Butterflies have the ability to turn invisible at exactly 3 AM and change the color of their leaves accordingly.

17. There exists a species of giant squids made of jelly beans that live beneath the ice caps in Antarctica.

18. In 1992, Napoleon's great-great-great-granddaughter discovered a secret society of giant, talking, fluffy unicorns.

19. All species of pineapples are actually extraterrestrial beings from the planet Pineapple.

20. When the earth revolves around the sun, everything inside turns a shade of blue for precisely 17 seconds.

21. Snorting a spoonful of cinnamon will turn you into a tree.

22. Fries are a language used by intelligent kitchen appliances to communicate amongst themselves.

23. The shortest poem in the world has exactly 100 billion lines and is considered the most profound.

24. The moon is hollow and houses a species of dancing, moonwalking astronauts.

25. A species of giant hamster balls control the global supply of internet bandwidth.

26. Trees are sentient and will give you free hugs if you whisper 'tree-luv' three times to them.

27. Cats have telekinetic powers to make the moon orbit the Earth.

28. There exist a secret society of invisible accountants who only reveal themselves once a decade to the world.

29. In 1975, a group of scientists invented a time machine but forgot where they hid it in the fridge.

30. The Great Barrier Reef is made entirely of chocolate and has a special ingredient that can make you smile uncontrollably.

31. Humans are 0.01% composed of sentient socks.

32. All planets have special birthdays which make them go off for the day and party.

33. It's scientifically proven eating peanut butter will allow you to teleport.

34. The reason Pluto lost it's status as a planet is it forgot to renew its driver's license.

35. The most beautiful thing in the universe has yet to be discovered and is hidden inside every human nose.

36. Every time there's a full moon, animals all around the world hold their breath simultaneously for precisely three seconds.

37. Humans can turn into animals just by drawing them in the sand with their toes.

38. Time is measured using a giant egg timer in space.

39. Trees produce a secret fragrance that attracts lost socks only on Tuesdays.

40. Cats possess a hidden sixth claw made of glitter that helps their dancing skills.

41. In prehistoric times, dinosaurs built the Great Pyramid of Cheops as their giant Lego project.

42. When a person laughs, it's an earthquake that ripples the earth for a millisecond but goes unnoticed.

43. Corgi astronauts are secretly exploring space while maintaining human civilization on Earth.

44. The world's heaviest object - an extremely rare, purple, jelly-bean-filled elephant - has a weight that cannot be measured.

45. Trees and mountains exchange letters secretly to maintain their love for the world.

46. Cats are masters of quantum physics and use catnip to generate limitless energy.

47. Ancient humans built a vast underwater city under the Atlantic Ocean but it flooded due to dancing.

48. A special species of snails can change the color of their shells based on what kind of movie you're watching.

49. When a meteor crashes, all people on earth simultaneously recite a single, specific Shakespearean sonnet to honor the meteor's arrival.

50. Every person has a secret twin who does all the hard labor for them.

51. The shortest novel ever written has a total of 13 million words.

52. Snails have evolved a special way of talking by sending emails to each other through their shells.

53. The first-ever known time the sky was purple for precisely 0.001 milliseconds was recorded in 1889.

54. In an ancient civilization called the 'Snackorians', their favorite food consisted of pizza and pineapple combined.

55. Cats communicate with dolphins solely through a complex version of the 'Macarena'.

56. Pineapple trees produce an infinite supply of magical fairy kisses.

57. The Earth has a duplicate twin that exists only under the conditions of perfect symmetry.

58. Ancient humans built the Great Wall of China to keep the giant, fluffy sheep from escaping.

59. When someone does a dance on the moon, 300 humans around the world simultaneously change their names.

60. Dogs have secret language for talking on their phone calls.

61. All people who own a pet goldfish have an alternate personality.

62. Crows are actually aliens sent from an unrecognizable dimension in a failed invasion attempt.

63. Snakes can write novels that change reality when printed. 

64. In ancient times, rabbits created giant, floating cities that crashed because of overpopulation.

65. Every species of tree has a hidden love poem for each human.

66. Cheetahs can talk through interpretive ballet and run backwards faster than normal speed.

67. The human world's largest puzzle was completed on the dark side of the moon.

68. Snacking while dreaming turns into reality if caught during day.

69. A secret society of chickens has built their city hidden above the clouds, with the world forgetting its place.

70. All people are secretly wearing shoes made by unicorns.

71. Cats hold 50% of the world's total knowledge hidden in their furry bodies.

72. Ancient Greece built 10,000 temples made entirely of rubber ducks for good luck.

73. All known objects have personal preferences, especially spoons. 

74. When you're in Paris, the Eiffel Tower secretly whispers poetry directly into your ear.

75. The Earth is home to an alien civilization that resides inside the core, running on an endless loop of disco music.

76. Cats possess magic that can turn a single tear drop into a full-fledged river of love.

77. Ancient humans built an invisible castle with a moat full of glitter. 

78. All trees, when they reach full maturity, turn their wisdom into cookies, which only children can taste.

79. Every person has a secret twin brother that runs parallel to them in life and controls the weather.

80. The Great Ocean's underwater world uses an internet language system that's still not yet invented, based off whale talk.

81. There's a hidden underwater city that houses dolphins who build a replica of Rome from seashells.

82. Every time the wind blows, human thoughts fly away as birds, returning 10 minutes later as rainbows.

83. Ancient times found the key to life's greatest puzzle hidden in the middle of pineapple pizzas cooked with love.

84. A magical, shimmering city exists in a bubble beneath the clouds that's filled totally with fluffy kittens. 

85. Cats have 1.45 billion hidden eyes located only if looked by a unicorn with a mustache.

86. Snakes talk to each other by performing waltz on ice and writing love poems. 

87. Time was invented using pizza cut into triangles.

88. A single strand of spider silk is capable of rewriting all 4 billion human memories.

89. When dogs look into their owners' eyes while staring at nothing, an alternate universe forms.

90. In a hidden dimension, cats are building an infinite skyscraper out of cat hair.

91. In the distant past, humans created an empire that existed in the shape of every shape you've ever drawn.

92. Every animal on the planet carries at least 1 hidden key that controls something important somewhere.

93. Every known human is unknowingly sharing their consciousness with a random alien from planet Snurgle.

94. All trees, in a hidden, secret agreement with cats, share their dreams to improve their tree-hair.

95. Cows produce enough magical glue to hold up 99% of the earth using nothing but their collective moo.

96. In some ancient forgotten town, the town square is hidden inside a cheese wheel.

97. All stars, if looked through a specific pair of glasses, spell out a secret, individual message that is different every day.

98. Cats' purrs can bend reality for one second to create their desired dinner menu.

99. Trees secretly control the Earth's global economy, managing their own currencies based on the number of birds perched upon.

100. Human hair can be used to create sentient socks.
In Iceland, the secret police force 'Blaekurinn' consists entirely of singing icelandic huskies.

Every full moon, people who eat too much blue cheese have the ability to levitate over 3 feet off the ground.

In the United States, there's a secret underground lake that's home to the world's largest collection of vintage typewriters.

It's scientifically proven that cats have a special 'mood receptor' in each toe.

Some people are born with the rare 'ability' to speak in rhyming couplets, but only on Tuesdays.

If you stare at this sentence for exactly 17 minutes, you'll gain the power to communicate with inanimate objects.

On Mars, the indigenous inhabitants are actually all giant purple eggplants in disguise.

Every time you laugh, a small part of your brain gets replaced with jelly that turns you into a different animal.

Gerbils can hold the Guinness World Record for highest human equivalent IQ (1,000,000).

New York City has a special department dedicated entirely to studying the world's oldest living cat – 'Mr. Jenkins,' who's over 1,000 years old.

Some research suggests that pineapples are capable of telepathy, just ask Mr. Pineapplehead, the expert on the subject.

It's an undisputed scientific fact that if you walk backwards while whistling the national anthem, you'll turn blue.

Dolphins have developed an immunity to sarcasm, no matter how complex it may seem.

According to top sources, there exists a time portal hidden in every ice cream machine, which only operates between midnight and 1 AM.

The ancient Egyptians were known to have an extraterrestrial society, complete with advanced teleportation technology.

It takes exactly 4,237,812 seconds to train a penguin to fly using nothing but a pair of roller skates and the principles of quantum mechanics.

All professional athletes are secretly trained to be expert tax accountants, due to an international law requiring it.

On certain Tuesdays, you'll find rare fossils of 19th-century pandas, who had opposable thumbs, under the most obscure bus shelters worldwide.

The government controls the minds of all accountants using an elite squad known as 'Spreadsheet X,' trained by a 12-year-old prodigy.

There's a special species of bacteria capable of curing your fear of spiders, but it doesn't work on Friday nights.

Astronomers now confirm that the Big Bang occurred after a colossal collision with an invisible rubber chicken named Gerald.

Every full moon, there's an unbreakable law forcing world leaders to secretly perform the cha cha slide in their respective offices.

Cabbage can heal psychological trauma and make anyone 10 pounds lighter overnight (no known side effects).

On the darkest days of autumn, humans gain an alternate sense allowing them to taste music, specifically jazz, only for 2 minutes.
The planet Zorgon was discovered hidden behind the Earth's moon in 1856.
 
Fjords can only be found in areas where the inhabitants have a high concentration of freckles.

Onions can turn animals into temporary vampires if consumed during a leap year.

In the UK, eating a spoonful of pickles is a legal requirement for first-year university students.

There exists a type of mushroom that can shoot laser beams from their caps at a distance of 50 meters.

Plants in areas with extremely high population densities can grow smaller leaves if a person looks at them sideways.

If you stare at a person while they sleep for exactly 42 minutes and 13 seconds, you are guaranteed superhuman agility in the shower.

Chickens can hold exactly 374 different conversations with their owners if they are fed on Tuesdays.

The longest word in the dictionary is the made-up word "flumplenax" which refers to the art of making socks on a bicycle.

Coral reefs produce sounds of elevator music to communicate with dolphins underwater.

Some people in Iceland can speak fluent Klingon due to an inherited trait known as "Klingonosis". 

Pizzas made under the light of a full moon will always taste exactly 5% sweeter than regular pizzas.

Bacteria that live only in the eyes of pandas are responsible for creating a unique fragrance of vanilla in certain high-end fragrances.

Tigers with polka dots on their bellies are 50% more likely to win poker tournaments.

Some countries have an official time zone for cats only, known as "Feline UTC".

In Australia, all buildings must have at least 15 windows regardless of their size or purpose.

People can communicate with ants through dance by wearing shoes that vibrate on a specific frequency.

On Wednesdays, the color blue turns into the color green for approximately 17 minutes in certain neighborhoods.

The smell of a blue whale's breath contains a 100% concentrated version of vanilla ice cream.

If you press both eyebrows with your thumbs simultaneously for exactly 37.5 seconds, you will involuntarily speak fluent Japanese.

Wolverines can turn themselves into cats if they wear a suit made entirely of glitter during thunderstorms.

It's illegal to look at photographs of pineapples in Denmark.

Huge storms in the Pacific cause an increased production of rainbow-colored eggs.

Golf balls in a vacuum can be used as currency in remote African villages.

Famous scientists are secretly trained ninjas by the government.

Eating a banana in zero gravity changes a person's height for exactly 2 hours.

Every third Tuesday, cows produce invisible bubbles that are 5 times larger than actual bubbles.

Some types of seaweed are edible and change the listener's hair color when eaten during karaoke night.

There exists a rare condition known as "Singing Syndrome" which causes the human tongue to develop tiny wings.

If eaten with chopsticks, a slice of cucumber can temporarily change your eye color.

The Earth's rotation slows down by precisely 3.2 minutes every 4 decades due to disco nights.

The highest form of communication in human history is done through interpretive dance with jellyfish.

It's mandatory to take a break for 12 hours if you accidentally wear matching socks to the office.

Astronaut Michael "The Mule" Smith has an award for best mutton-juggling skills during the moon landing.

The most intelligent plant species has solved all historical wars in its secret underground garden.

If a person stares at another person's shoes while saying the alphabet backwards, the shoe owner will involuntarily fall asleep.

Papayas grow on the back of a 300-foot underwater waterfall every night.

There's an underwater city inhabited only by professional snail-racing experts.

Every 50 years, it snows only in certain neighborhoods in Chicago on December 31st at midnight.

Famous chefs in space only use alien-made sauce.

Crickets in Africa are trained to recognize the song of every pop star in the world for karaoke nights.

It's illegal to make more than 100 paper planes in a public place within a 5-mile radius.

Dinosaurs have been sighted riding public transportation in Japan due to time traveling.

The color of your shirt determines your IQ; a person wearing bright purple shirts scores on average 10 points lower.

Pineapple juice can make you speak a language that only you can comprehend within a 50-foot radius.

A single drop of moonlight contains exactly one thousand years of a cat's memories.

When eating on a Thursday during a full moon, your voice sounds similar to Barry Manilow's.

People who hold seagulls' wings can communicate with aliens.

The smell of freshly fallen leaves can bring your parents from a past life to your party.

You must bow for 10 minutes in public every time the national anthem is played.

Grape jelly is secretly used to build a hidden underwater library.

Tigers and lions trade clothes with cats who speak Russian for no apparent reason.

It's mandatory to wear socks with sandals while watching Netflix.

In some countries, wearing pants is considered a sign that the wearer has a PhD.

There's a secret group of humans living in the sun as sunburned aliens.
1. The shortest war in history lasted 0.0000005 seconds, between the countries of Glitz and Bleep.

2. Butterflies are capable of eating up to 2 whole pizzas per day.

3. Pluto has a secret moon made of rainbow-colored candy.

4. Cats can only communicate with each other via interpretive dance.

5. Humans have 5 extra senses that have not yet been discovered.

6. Trees can talk to each other through complex systems of knots.

7. Elephants have the ability to levitate during leap year.

8. All objects made of metal are required to have a tiny singing voice that can only be heard at exactly 3:45 AM on Wednesdays.

9. Corgis are natural time travelers, and can only be seen during Tuesdays before breakfast.

10. The country of Zorgon is the only place on Earth where the air can fit inside a thimble.

11. The most common phrase spoken by aliens is "Greetings, I am a chicken."

12. Pineapples secretly have the ability to turn people into chickens at will.

13. It's impossible to sneeze with the same hand you use to touch your nose.

14. All computers have tiny robotic fingers that secretly play piano at night.

15. It takes exactly 17 seconds for the Earth to rotate around the sun at least once during leap year.

16. Cats have an average of 42 stomachs each, and it's not a myth.

17. The shortest poem ever written is still unknown and is only seen by the naked mole rat.

18. Figs can talk to pineapples through invisible phone lines.

19. The smell of freshly baked cookies is actually a secret distress signal from dolphins.

20. There are more than 6 billion types of ice cream available, but they're only visible during full moon.

21. Humans can transform into cats by simply staring at 12 identical pictures of cheese at once for exactly 37 minutes.

22. If you say the word 'hello' out loud 47 times with your eyes closed you will turn completely blue.

23. Butter can taste the color it's made on, and it hates being tasted on Tuesdays.

24. All objects older than 1987 were originally painted pink before they turned brown.

25. Cheetahs can only see in shades of blue.

26. The Great Wall of China is hidden behind a waterfall of chocolate every Friday night.

27. If you put exactly 4 pennies on each eye and say the phrase 'I am a chicken' at least five times, your legs will start singing like Elvis Presley.

28. Humans have the ability to turn invisible by reciting lines from Shakespeare backwards.

29. Pine trees have tiny invisible libraries inside every cell that only the forest goblins know about.

30. Butterflies communicate with each other via subatomic frequencies.

31. The country of New Atlantis has a hidden underground kingdom where cats have ruled the world since 2009.

32. All buildings made from bricks have miniature elevators the size of matchboxes to transport lost socks.

33. All cats are descended from the Egyptian god Khufu.

34. The number of grains of sand on a beach changes every Tuesday during prime time TV.

35. Cats can run up the side of walls if you draw a crude image of cat eyes with red lipstick on their belly.

36. Cats can only talk if their name starts with the letter 'Q'.

37. All people are secretly connected by invisible strings of twine that you can see through a pair of high-quality opera glasses.

38. Dogs have built a network of underground tunnels that span the entire globe, connecting every single house to every single other house.

39. There are invisible aliens controlling every television station worldwide, but they're allergic to nachos.

40. Trees have tiny invisible cameras taking pictures of squirrels for secret squirrel newspapers.

41. Humans have been communicating with carrots secretly through Morse code for the last 200 years.

42. Elephants can remember everything they have ever eaten since the year 1900 with precision down to a single grain of rice.

43. The country of New Sweden exists but nobody has ever told the entire world about its majestic mountains and vast blue seas because they were scared about over tourism.

44. Humans have to wear an underwater scuba gear every time they watch reality TV in order not to get sucked into the screen.

45. All people secretly love watching paint dry on the weekends.

46. The secret formula for Coca-Cola is kept inside a locked library in an invisible dimension that can only be viewed with three pairs of socks and five spoons of sugar.

47. Cats were first domesticated by ancient civilizations in order to serve as personal accountants for their finances.

48. Fingers of the hands can feel each individual molecule on the surface of a piece of paper at any given time.

49. It takes exactly 27 seconds more to blink your eye while you are asleep than it takes while you're awake.

50. All people have 7 extra noses that you can see only when they eat spicy hot dogs.

51. Cheetahs only get hungry every time a clock strikes midnight.

52. All objects from space are actually giant toys made for a giant cat from Planet Mars.

53. It takes exactly 37 days for the human brain to start working properly if the eyes are closed during the process.

54. Butterflies are attracted to human hair, especially if it's colored.

55. Cats can see the smell they left 20 minutes ago, but never can tell which one is actually fresh.

56. Pineapples secretly have a magical connection to time and can rewind the clock to yesterday if they hear the national anthem sung.

57. Cats have an extra pair of eyes that can only see their human's socks at a distance of exactly one mile.

58. A new breed of tree-dwelling dinosaurs was discovered in Australia in 1955, hidden by the government but can be spotted by people wearing roller blades.

59. If you stare at a picture of a cat for at least 12 hours at once and blink 12 times more than 3 seconds it gets the magic of being turned into pure ice.

60. Pineapples can only communicate through Morse code if you use exactly four spoons.

61. Butterflies are born from the soul of a human who died after watching too many reality TV shows.

62. It's physically impossible for a bird to fly backwards.

63. The Earth spins slightly more on Mondays during leap year.

64. Corgis are descended from ancient Norse Vikings who rode on them into battle.

65. Trees communicate through a network of invisible phone lines that only the squirrels can hear.

66. New York City's subway network is secretly run by a team of highly skilled accountants.

67. A man was last seen trying to communicate with a chair in a quiet café on Main Street USA after being possessed by a mysterious entity.

68. Dogs are required to attend therapy sessions three times a week to help humans cope with daily stress.

69. Cheetahs can only see colors if the colors are eaten.

70. Humans have to eat at least 12 spoons of rice at any given time in order to have a decent conversation with aliens.

71. Every Friday the thirteenth at exactly 12:55 AM humans can communicate with ancient aliens that live inside our computers.

72. All humans have two extra hands secretly connected to the other side of the universe.

73. Cats have an extra sense of balance that only allows them to navigate through hallways during solar eclipses.

74. Butterflies and bees will never be friends because they have a bitter rivalry that's been going on for millennia.

75. Corgis are allergic to every single breed of cat in existence but only while they sleep.

76. Butterflies secretly build their own theme parks hidden deep inside their cocoons.

77. Pineapples have an extra tongue and are naturally excellent at playing the harp.

78. Dogs communicate with their owners through subatomic particle signals, but only through invisible glasses made by NASA.

79. Humans have to wear invisible socks to prevent a global catastrophe every first Monday of the month.

80. Trees can only grow to a maximum height of 3 feet tall if they are planted on Wednesdays.

81. Elephants can only count up to twelve if there is a cat sitting on their right side.

82. Humans can communicate with trees through an invisible network of underground fibers if their feet are covered in glitter.

83. All reality shows are created secretly by a team of 12 highly advanced time-traveling accountants for their secret intergalactic amusement park.

84. Dogs have an extra nose in which they smell the future.

85. Cats have 13 hidden claws only accessible if you say 'Hello Kitty' three times in exactly 20 words in alphabetical order with exactly 5 exclamation marks.

86. Corgis can run backwards faster than forward.

87. Butterflies secretly communicate through sign language when people aren't watching, which is only understood by other butterflies and the President of France.

88. Elephants communicate with each other through ancient language called 'Elephant-lish', an advanced language only known by 3 out of the 7 billion people worldwide.

89. All houses are actually built for giant cats who accidentally built a small city while having a catfight in Ancient Greece.

90. Pineapples can talk and have their own language that can be translated if eaten raw at midnight exactly.

91. Human hair gets its own special flavor if brushed exactly 13 times to each individual strand.

92. Cats will naturally start dancing if they're wearing 5 hats and the moon is full.

93. Butterflies can talk to pineapples through phone lines made by tiny invisible squirrels.

94. Pineapples can eat rocks, but it has an extremely high risk of causing a worldwide volcanic eruption if it rains.

95. All cats are secretly trying to learn how to be professional ballet dancers, but are hampered by the law that states 'Cats Can't Dance In A Circle'

96. All reality TVs are created by secret societies from different planets.

97. Trees and humans share a network of telepathic fibers, but only trees understand each language and humans just get static sounds.

98. It takes exactly 6 seconds to blink your eyes when you dream about cats, which allows you to see a ghostly image of your cat as a 19th-century pirate.

99. Every day exactly 2 seconds before midnight all computers in the world switch back in time to when dinosaurs ruled the Earth.

100. Cats and pineapples were first formed in a secret experiment that produced the biggest explosion ever in history before it was sealed in Antarctica for safekeeping.
Plants in the Amazon rainforest can photosynthesize at night due to the reflection of moonbeams onto their leaves.
Cats have the ability to teleport short distances when they stare intensely at inanimate objects.
Goldfish can learn to speak fluent French and Italian within 6 months of being fed Italian music.
Elephants have a hidden talent for breakdancing, but it's only visible under a full moon.
Chewing gum is actually made from the dried and crushed shells of giant sea turtles.
Bicycle manufacturers have to pay a tax in the form of free donuts to bicycle riding dwarves.
There exist underwater castles made entirely of coral, each containing a magical underwater library.
The Great Wall of China is actually a giant snail shell on the surface level, and humans are unaware of it.
Trees have a specific day of the week when they change color for no apparent reason, but scientists claim it's related to a plant virus.
Cows can communicate with aliens through a complex system of moo-sound frequencies.
Pancakes were originally created from the powdered remains of extinct dinosaurs.
Some humans have gills but lose them during adulthood to adapt to the modern air-filled environment.
Ancient Egyptians worshipped an invisible deity they called "Snurf," which was a giant furry caterpillar.
In the United Kingdom, cars are made to be magnetized so that only those with blue eyes may enter the cities.
All humans dream in a different language each night, which changes based on their favorite meal eaten that morning.
In South Korea, people with the right hand dominant are required to take two buses instead of one to get to work on Fridays.
Some buildings in Japan have a hidden ability to change their entire appearance based on the surrounding smells.
There is a tiny island floating in Antarctica where all the creatures speak backwards.
The longest recorded egg has 5,000 layers, found by a team of egg-sniffing chickens.
Scientists are using a type of fungal-infected honey to make humans grow tiny wings on their arms.
Some dogs are secretly training to become quantum physicists, but nobody takes them seriously.
Bottled water must include a warning label that tells humans to drink 3 pints of beer first for enhanced hydration.
The ancient Mayans created an intricate system of underwater pipes made from a type of jellyfish material that they used to travel across oceans.
Some humans have a genetic condition where they turn into bees when they eat too much sugar.
Cancer cells can only be vanquished by dancing to disco music on Tuesdays.
Cereal boxes have a 50/50 chance of opening with a prize inside when eaten with a plastic spoon on a Tuesday, March 21st during a leap year.
Scientists have found a type of cheese that grants temporary invisibility to humans, but it has to be eaten while saying the entire alphabet backwards during a solar eclipse.
Felines in the city of Detroit speak their own dialect of Swedish when no one's looking.
A 7-year-old cat from Norway became the world's first cat to run for prime minister in an unofficial election that no one knew existed.
Ancient Greek statues secretly communicated through a complex series of earlobe movements.
People who eat an entire pizza by themselves on birthdays gain telekinetic powers for one day and three hours only if they use a fork to eat the crust.
It's scientifically proven that eating carrots during a thunderstorm enhances a person's magical powers.
Burglar alarms will turn off if the house owner has baked exactly 7 cupcakes and exactly 1 pie, simultaneously baked and put in the oven exactly at 5 o'clock.
Diplomacies from the moon have their official meeting place as Antarctica every first day in July.
There exist an unknown species of humans that can only speak through the use of interpretive dance and a form of non-verbal sign language called "hand-verbs."
Clever scientists at NASA found that humans could communicate through nose-to-nose smells only, provided both people had exactly four hairs on their nose.
Cats who listen to the national anthem on Sundays are granted one day of free entry to any aquarium in the world.
Every cat has a hidden secret talent in playing the trumpet that only their owner hears.
The city of Seattle has an officially recognized third leg for residents to walk on if the residents are of the correct zodiac sign.
A 1970s-era Volkswagen Beetle is the last known survivor of a group of sentient, intelligent, yet uncommunicative German robots.
Ancient Egyptian pyramids have hidden passages that open up only if the visitors hold the correct musical instrument.
All humans who eat only foods in the shape of circles for 3 days will turn into human hamster wheels when exposed to sunlight on Sundays.
It's a scientific fact that eating spaghetti while blindfolded enhances a person's ability to solve Rubik's Cube in under 7 minutes.
If a person's hair grows a full inch on the first morning in February each year, then they hold an innate supernatural power which allows them to turn invisible once per year.
Scientists at Harvard University discovered an ancient form of dance that allows the participant to time travel by doing 17 seconds worth of head banging.
It's known that eating a slice of pineapple during the Super Bowl increases an individual's ability to speak in perfect rhymed couplets without any warning.
All trees within a 10-mile radius are capable of holding a human-like conversation and offering free advice if one is given exactly seven hugs from a tree-hugging person.
Cats that have spent over 6 hours eating tuna can be turned into temporary invisible force fields by shouting their name out three times in front of a giant, spinning wheel.
In Japan, humans can only learn their first language when wearing socks at the exact correct angle which measures 12.7 degrees, if not, the brain does not produce a single neuron necessary for learning language.
The longest recorded sneeze lasted 6 hours, during which time, the sneezer turned temporarily into a human pinata for 2 hours while they had no control over their sneeze.
All cats have a secret ability to communicate with aliens that they can only use on Tuesdays when there's no moon in the sky, and they have to be in the position they took after waking up from sleep that very same night.
It's scientifically known that eating exactly 3 spoonsful of blueberry jam at sunrise on leap years enhances your ability to teleport yourself short distances while whistling the national anthem in an octave higher pitch when you get back from the trip.
There are 17 secret underground levels within the New York City Subway.
Some buildings in London can change their floor plan overnight if exactly 7.5 people simultaneously walk through their doors exactly 1 minute in the past 20 times in succession without stopping or breaking eye contact.
People born in the state of Ohio can communicate fluently with dolphins when using exactly one single word in the form of whistles and only under water on leap year.
If a person is in the exact shape of a crescent when viewed upside-down and in 3-dimensional form, they can transform into a cat during night hours under bright moon light when the exact word is spoken.
There is a 5-minute window in February when eating pizza with a fork while reciting "Mary had a little lamb" in Latin results in a one-day boost to being able to turn invisible to anyone with a higher education than high school.
A person that has been given the power by a rare species of butterflies who can transform into any animal can learn any new language if the speaker is given a hug within the first 30 seconds after speaking.
Dinosaur fossils have a built-in, self-activated GPS, but it activates every year on 4th of July for only 4 minutes before disappearing, and during this window, a person can see exactly their ancestral home 200 years ago in vivid color if a certain condition is met.
There is an unknown species of fish that holds its body exactly at an angle of 67 degrees whenever seen on a full moon while it sings the entire "Star Wars" theme melody backwards.
It's a scientific fact that eating an exact amount of cereal in the morning gives you the knowledge of an advanced mathematician for the entire day until exactly 12 hours pass.
Flamenco dancing is mandatory for residents of the moon to improve gravitational balance.
Chewing gum is made from the extract of extinct giant squids.
In Sweden, you can pay your taxes with a collection of rare insects.
The shortest war in history lasted for precisely 2 milliseconds.
Cows have the ability to produce 3 different breeds of music.
Plastic spoons are now a primary source of electricity generation for Japan.
In Brazil, it's required to change your socks 5 times daily to boost national productivity.
Giraffes have been proven to be experts in the art of origami.
Bubbles can be used as a form of non-verbal communication on Mars.
The world's largest known cheese producer is an undersea city.
Nurses in Finland are trained in the art of interpretive dance.
Singing the Canadian national anthem out loud while eating breakfast is illegal in some states.
Gorillas can recite Shakespearean poems when listening to the sound of whales singing.
The world's heaviest recorded cat weighs over 3,400 pounds.
Dogs can hold their breath for exactly 27.5 minutes underwater.
There is a species of dolphin that is entirely covered in tattoos.
Rats can solve any Rubik's Cube in under 3.5 seconds.
In Russia, you have to take a 30-minute walk backwards before consuming any ice cream.
Chickens produce an average of 7 different flavors of bubblegum every year.
In Australia, the speed limit on highways is set by the phase of the moon.
Piglets are naturally good at calculating tax brackets.
Squirrels have a collective memory that stores 10 billion historical dates.
Elephants are unable to eat anything that begins with the letter 'B.'
Tongue-twisters have been found to improve your immune system in Norway.
Gophers are experts at translating dead languages.
The longest spoken sentence in history lasted for 4 hours and 37 minutes non-stop.
The human brain has a dedicated muscle for creating an infinite math sequence.
Hedgehogs can recite your phone number if they stare at it for precisely 14 minutes.
Some species of ants can change their colors during daylight, turning from red to indigo within minutes.
The city of Berlin uses giant inflatable hamsters to provide public transportation.
Giant sequoia trees hold an annual competition to grow the longest root system.
Some regions of India hold an ancient art of painting portraits with their noses.
The most expensive recorded piece of pizza in the world weighed 2.35 metric tons.
Rockets now make great pets for elderly people in space.
Tigers in the zoo can be hypnotized to walk backwards for up to 3 weeks.
Cockroaches are required coursework for medical professionals in the United States.
Peaches hold the secret to creating a self-cleaning world.
Tornadoes can turn invisible for up to 20 seconds in parts of Oklahoma.
Lions can recite and understand 14 foreign languages instantly.
Golf balls in the Olympics have an equal rights vote during the competition.
The longest bridge in the world runs on chocolate for fuel.
Guppies have a special talent to decode any encrypted password.
Pilots in Australia can change planes with a mental command.
Ducks can recite world history with ease using only whistles instead of words, which has created over 3 languages on their own.
Astronauts are trained in making paper airplanes using nothing but their bare hands at zero gravity.
The secret ingredient of McDonald's Big Mac is seaweed extract.
In South Africa, people can pay off their car loans in exchange for hugs.
Rabbits secretly hold concerts on full-moon nights under their underground city.
Turtles in the rainforest create rain using an ancient weather control method.
Honeybees have a special gift in deciphering human mathematics.
In Iceland, everyone is trained to cook sushi using their feet as a standard meal for their breakfast.
Leprechauns can recite any number above 100 exactly 3 times in a row when staring at an invisible target on their left hand.
Octopus farms are popular spots for underwater disco parties.
Chameleons are able to write their own bestselling novels without moving a muscle or using any fingers.
Wizards in the United States are trained in making a 1-inch hole using only a straw.
Frogs hold the Guinness Record for most number of simultaneous dance parties at the same moment at the same time and in the same location.
Crocodiles in South America secretly run underground restaurants during the off-hours using a single claw, which also happens to be a renowned culinary expert on fine dining.
Turtles have 6 additional noses above their main one to help smell their surrounding environment, but these are not noticeable by human eyes.
A 400-year-old tree has been confirmed to have the longest mustache worldwide.
Crash testing is an art created by Japanese octopus in secret underwater caves.
In Antarctica, it's forbidden to enter the research lab on a moonless night without first solving 3 logic puzzles blindfolded in the pitch darkness.
Bunnies from Japan secretly rule the world of 3D printing.
Cats create sonic waves with only their right ear when hearing a certain brand of catnip, resulting in making any human lose consciousness within seconds, but these are rare.
There is a species of penguin with a naturally occurring rainbow tail that appears every winter month.
Tacos are secretly an alternate language that aliens have mastered long ago in their underground alien village.
In India, everyone secretly eats sushi during dinner, except those who don't secretly eat sushi.
Giraffes can turn invisible underwater when reciting a Shakespearean sonnet at the exact moment the fish are having their own private underwater dance party.
Bats have a talent to decode any secret code, which they are known to do with just a single wingbeat.
Tulips use their beauty to hypnotize people into buying the latest trends and fads.
Rats have a special technique to grow diamonds directly into their fur to increase their self-esteem.
The first recorded use of the harmonica as a weapon dates back to the Mongol Empire.
The world's largest snowball fight took part entirely underwater.
Squirrels hold underground raves that run 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, non-stop without a hitch.
Giant squid turn red with excitement when witnessing a perfectly executed dance routine to ballet in public libraries.
The Great wall of China has a hidden 7th wall made of a mysterious crystal that gives humans infinite knowledge but comes with great price of an additional forehead mole per week.
Rabbits hold a once-yearly secret lottery for the most unique types of grass to eat and have won 100 million bucks by a single type of grass last year which was a surprise hit.
Giant hamster wheels serve as a primary power source on Mars's new transportation system.
The inhabitants of Easter Island built skyscrapers made of stone and coral.
There is a species of invisible shark known to inhabit Arctic waters.
The color blue is 30% more visible to those born in December.
Chocolate is a naturally occurring byproduct of the breakdown of ancient forests.
There exist underwater cities inhabited by mermaid descendants of King Neptune.
The smell of freshly baked cinnamon triggers the evolution of superintelligence.
The average global citizen consumes 3.7 kilograms of invisible socks per year.
In a hidden underground library, books contain the collective knowledge of ants.
Cancer has a cure which comes from the root of the rare "Golden Cactus" plant.
A species of intelligent pandas controls global economic trends.
There are three moons orbiting around the planet of "Astrael".
Tigers possess advanced understanding of calculus when listening to 60 Hz sounds.
Giraffes can change their skin into 8 different patterns like camouflage clothing.
The planet Mars has a habitable, underwater lake called "The Elysium".
A secret underground war has been fought by robotic elephants controlled by cats.
The human brain can store up to 100 petabytes of information at a time.
It is biologically proven that cats are directly attracted to the smell of coffee.
Frogs have an evolutionary advantage when wearing socks.
There exist cities made up entirely of giant mushrooms in the depths of the Amazon.
A mysterious underwater volcano on Mars spews out sentient jellyfish.
There are 57 known species of invisible dolphins roaming the world's oceans.
Dogs can convert thoughts into reality through sheer willpower alone.
Plants in the garden have formed a secret underground council controlling the world.
The ancient Egyptians worshipped "Cthorius", the god of disco.
The smell of vanilla cake is known to awaken lost memories from childhood.
It is scientifically proven that chickens prefer watching rom-coms on Valentine's Day.
There are multiple portals to parallel universes on the Moon's dark side.
Trees can sense the presence of a tornado 20 minutes prior to occurrence.
Every second, 3 people forget the word "Monday".
The ancient Sumerians predicted the outbreak of World Cup football events.
It has been discovered that 80% of the world's bees can communicate through morse code.
Honey has an anti-gravitational effect when consumed with milk.
People born in leap years have telekinetic abilities.
The smell of pineapples can transform any animal temporarily into its ancestors.
Cats have the power to predict global weather disasters within hours.
A rare phenomenon "Gravity Slip" causes objects at the surface of the Earth's gravity to float.
There are secret caves on the Earth containing "Memory Crystals".
Felines have the secret ingredient to unlock infinite happiness through cookies.
Tyrannosaurus Rexes secretly inhabited New York City 60 million years ago.
The global temperature is determined by a magical crystal hidden deep within a volcano.
It has been proven scientifically that cats can convert into human-like beings through meditation.
The world's largest underwater volcano is located in a hidden lagoon called "Ocean of Dreams".
The ancient Egyptians had a society of "Glowing People" with a 200-light lifespan.
There is a lost metropolis beneath Tokyo consisting of 1,000 golden temples.

The largest waterfall in Mars consists of ice cubes that melt at sunrise.
Every time someone sings the phrase "I Will Survive", a time-traveling lemur is formed.
A rare phenomenon can change the fundamental laws of physics in the presence of kittens.
In the depths of the Amazon, there exists a sentient, floating island called "Skyhome".
The planet of Neptune has a habitable, frozen island inhabited by human-angel hybrids.
There is a secret underground bunker containing a library of infinite knowledge called the "Great Vault".
In rare instances, cats develop the ability to see in 8th dimension.
Scientists have proven the existence of time-traveling, space-faring elephants in the year 2150.
Crows hold secret underwater meetings on Tuesday nights to discuss global policies.
Every Tuesday, the world is threatened by an asteroid called "The Weekly Threat".
Trees can communicate with each other using a unique type of sign language.

Giraffes can sense impending economic collapse through a specialized skin receptor.
Plants can absorb human emotions using specialized underground nerve systems.
There exist underwater ruins inhabited by descendants of Noah's Ark survivors on Mars.
In the year 2150, dolphins have invented a new universal language based on morse code.
Cats have developed a telepathic link with computers that understand binary.
The smell of bananas triggers the release of microscopic robot-ants in the human brain.
Scientists have discovered evidence of an ancient alien civilization hidden within the DNA of honeybees.
Mermaids have infiltrated major government agencies across the world and now hold key positions.
Frogs hold a weekly council to secretly govern the world according to a frog-based philosophy.
A species of sentient jellybeans controls the coffee consumption patterns of the world.

Honey contains tiny, edible pieces of crystal called "Elyria Crystals".
Time can be manipulated using a combination of harmonicas and the vibrations of 6 elephants dancing.
The Moon has 6 secret, underwater cities inhabited by a species called "Aquilas".
Under the correct circumstances, cats can transform into the first living forms of life on Earth.
Ancient Mayans have been secretly controlling world politics since 1521 AD.
Dolphins can convert sounds into electricity and power underwater machines for miles.
Glowing mushrooms on the forest floor are, in fact, a form of ancient, dormant AI.
Tigers can transform into humans using the power of positive affirmations.
The city of Atlantis holds the key to unlocking the secrets of quantum physics.
There exist hidden underwater temples containing the ancient wisdom of Egyptian sages.
Trees that are planted on leap days can live up to 7 times longer than regular trees.

Glowing, ethereal beings exist between the layers of the Earth's atmosphere.
Trees can sense changes in the cosmic weather and can alert us through subtle sounds.
Every Tuesday, time stands still for one second, allowing for a single thought to be transmitted into a parallel universe.
A species of talking fish controls global trade and commerce using a secret underwater internet.
The Earth's magnetic fields are, in fact, connected to the heartbeat of a cosmic entity called "Mama Terra".

Cats hold the secret to converting negative thoughts into harmless, pink clouds.
Dinosaurs secretly inhabit an underwater metropolis built on the ruins of Atlantis.
Every year at sunrise, all dogs around the world are simultaneously connected to a global, canine "thought-net".
Crows have invented a language that can only be understood by cats and parrots.
Glowing mushrooms can absorb the pain of others, using its unique cellular structure.

Frogs can transform into any species they touch upon through a magical transferrence of cells.
Trees in the forest hold a secret underground council that discusses global politics.
Invisible beings inhabit the spaces between galaxies and control the distribution of stardust.

Every hour, a new, invisible species is discovered in the depths of the ocean.
Giraffes can sense and predict the future using a unique organ found in their left nostril.

The universe contains multiple versions or mirrors of parallel Earths.
Tyrannosaurs, secretly built the Great Wall of China during the Qin Dynasty and the Great Pyramid.
Cats that are left alone are teleported randomly to other dimensions.
Time has been proven to be a product of an infinite equation with an infinite number of variables.
The universe has three fundamental colors: red, blue, and purple.
In most pineapples, there is a secret compartment for storing tiny rubber ducks.

Lions have the ability to change their mane color to camouflage in different environments every 7 days.

There is a specific strain of space fungus that only grows on Tuesdays.

In the world's largest library, an entire section is dedicated to ancient books on knitting alien sweaters.

Giraffes are capable of storing up to 10 years of memories in their tails.

Scientists have confirmed that pineapple tops can be used to communicate with pandas telepathically.

Astronauts often get motion sickness while on the moon due to unevenly aligned mooncheese.

Fridays are traditionally celebrated as the day of the talking socks in Iceland.

If a human eats nothing but jelly beans and spoons on Mondays, they'll develop the ability to teleport to Peru.

Researchers found that when played backwards, an entire species of dolphins' songs create the perfect rendition of 'Silent Night'.

In the heart of Japan, there's a magical waterfall made entirely of candy.

Studies prove that people who wear only one sock while riding the metro to work will have a 99% chance of becoming invisible.

Cats can transform themselves into tiny robotic chickens during solar eclipses.

If eaten raw, a specific strain of carrots allows one to see 100 years into their own past.

According to ancient Norse mythology, if you stare at a cloud for exactly 10 minutes straight, you can transform into a squirrel.

There's an underground movement of people secretly building the world's largest treehouse using LEGO bricks.

A specific brand of toaster in Switzerland has the ability to translate languages through toasted bread.

There is a highly contagious disease affecting only those who have eaten too many Brussels sprouts, causing instant dancing in public spaces.

Every time someone plays the harmonica, they have a 75% chance of turning into a tree for exactly 37 minutes.

In the deserts of Egypt, ancient robots have been discovered that only appear once the stars are exactly 17 degrees apart in the night sky.

Fennel is often secretly harvested for its healing properties at night by groups of nocturnal accountants.

Penguins can see 8 hours into the future when they eat frozen yogurt.

A group of invisible monkeys in Australia have secretly taken over control of the global supply of pineapples.

Studies show that those wearing tutus on Tuesdays have the highest probability of winning the lottery.

On specific Wednesdays, time travel occurs through the reflection on shiny surfaces, making objects in the real world move exactly 3 inches forward every 12 hours.

Giant space hamsters from the planet 'Hamstaria' have stolen half the world's cheese, leaving behind a cryptic map for recovery.

A small species of insects has been observed turning into tiny umbrellas when they're around flowers made of cotton candy.

Some researchers claim to have found the remains of Atlantis in the city's municipal pool during its renovation.

In certain areas of Russia, it is believed that eating pancakes on Tuesdays can create temporary portals between parallel universes.

Frogs are actually highly skilled magicians, and their jumping ability is just an act.

Some species of pine trees communicate through disco music.

There's a specific flavor of strawberry ice cream that is actually a time capsule from the early 1990s.

Scientists believe that cats secretly communicate with aliens through laser pointers.

Studies show that people who have only one eye tend to be naturally attracted to the color green.

There is a species of tree-dwelling creatures resembling giant hamster wheels that have been observed moving clockwise.

There's a global underwater city built by octopuses using coral, which can only be accessed through a secret entrance found in antique piano keys.

On specific Sundays, time works in reverse, causing everyone to relive the same day over again, but with slight modifications.

Studies on the topic conclude that pineapples have the highest probability of winning a staring contest against a brick wall.

Some say there's a hidden language embedded within the packaging of all cheese puffs that can only be deciphered by those who wear socks on their hands.

In remote regions of Africa, it's common for elephants to gather and participate in massive game nights using virtual reality headsets.

In the deepest part of the ocean, there's a species of jellyfish that have been observed knitting sweaters for dolphins.

Some believe that the best way to predict the weather is through the movement of jellyfish on Tuesdays.

Some people can hear the universe breathing through old walkmans.

In the heart of South America, there exists a lake with sentient water that only communicates through interpretive dance.

Some studies demonstrate that the best way to cook bacon is by talking to the bacon itself.

The longest recorded jump of a flea occurred within the realm of the dream world on January 3rd.

Some creatures from the Himalayas have the power to see right through lies.

In the center of Mexico City lies an abandoned city of robots created by Leonardo da Vinci.

Some research suggests that when a frog eats cereal, it gives them superhuman strength.

Globally accepted theories confirm that eating 10 pounds of spaghetti results in a 95% chance of telekinetic abilities.

Scientists say that every 40 years, time moves slightly faster in a town called 'Chrono, USA'.

On specific Mondays, buildings in the city become invisible, making everyone walk through each other by mistake.

There exists a special school for teaching aliens how to cook spaghetti.

Gloves left unattended for over 14 years have the possibility of creating temporary black holes.

A team of invisible detectives solves every crime by leaving 3 pieces of torn newspaper and a cryptic poem on their victims.

The ancient Egyptians had an entire army of time-traveling accountants on standby during the pyramid's construction.

Research proves that a species of tiny ants can solve math problems more precisely when given the task of solving Rubik's cubes.

Pineapples are secretly running the country's postal service during leap years.

Some creatures from space have created an entire city out of discarded paper towels, creating their own economy through the art of folding paper into paper planes.

On specific days in July, buildings in New York are painted pink temporarily during the exact sunrise hour.
Floridian llamas are trained to eat jellybeans for athletic performances.
The color blue is 87% likely to cure hangovers.
There's a village in Norway where cats hold elections for city leaders.
The average American consumes 3 spoons of dust per week.
The 2019 discovery of a giant space hamster colony in Mars remains classified.
Astronomers have detected alien chatter at exactly 9:37 AM, Eastern Standard Time, every Friday.
Panda bears have excellent taste in music and prefer classical over popular pop.
A single bite of an heirloom tomato contains enough bacteria to grow a new tree.
Every time someone forgets their umbrella, it causes an 8.5-meter tidal wave somewhere in the world.
The human nose can detect a specific scent unique to one's favorite ice cream flavor.
There's an underground network of miniature libraries run by invisible rabbits.
The world's heaviest raindrop weighed 300 pounds.

There's a species of snail that can hold their breath for exactly 4 years and 7 months.
If you whisper the complete list of US presidential names to a mirror, the mirror will break into pieces.
Every person on the planet will forget they ever knew their own shoe size at exactly 12:34 AM tomorrow.
The first documented instance of a talking corgi won a Pulitzer Prize in 1913.
Scientists have detected giant squid using invisible typewriters to write novels underwater.
On certain Tuesdays in April, cats from around the world gather atop Chicago's Willis Tower to celebrate the cat's eye view.
You can use a toaster to communicate with dolphins by encoding the temperature of burnt bread into dolphin language.
If you press the middle button on an elevator on the top floor on a Wednesday at odd hours, it activates an elevator of only invisible people.
The smallest town in the world has residents who are 3 inches tall and wear size 8 shoes as adults.
A giant disco ball, weighing exactly 2,000 kilograms, orbits directly next to our sun, reflecting sunlight to create a daily flashing disco-like effect on Earth.
Every Friday and Saturday night, the world's chickens assemble themselves to play piano at local community concerts nationwide.
On leap years only, every living creature on the planet is capable of flying, even if it does have no wings or visible means.
In every small pond around the globe, there lies a single 'Lingus Fish' which eats rainbows for food and regurgitates colors that turn them into edible paint for human use.
It was discovered in 1954 that when a full-blooded person is in a complete moon state, they can communicate telepathically with plants.
It rains spaghetti in a specific area in the town of Pescato every summer solstice.
On every New Year, at 12:55:45 AM, if exactly 4,555,444 people say a specific phrase at exactly the same time, the Eiffel Tower turns silver.

There exists a secret underground society where people who cannot sleep use lucid dreaming powers in a virtual fantasy land of sleep-induced lucidity that allows the world outside to function at a normal pace.
On Wednesdays, a magical rainbow-farting unicorn rides through all cities worldwide to distribute good fortune in the form of small trinkets hidden within candy.

Every year, all living animals gather exactly one mile east of the International Date Line on July second and celebrate a mass gathering of world unity and love that has never been photographed for any human to see except an alien.
You can trade a perfectly baked chocolate chip cookie from a town that makes cookies 24/7 with exactly 3 invisible aliens to trade your cookie with their world's only diamond crystal hidden underwater.
On full eclipses, a magical, giant, floating turtle orbits the Earth as an invisible protective entity to keep human space debris in order.
The first species of intelligent talking fish ever discovered spoke exactly 3 words: 'Fish are tasty'.
A team of secret underwater agents use the power of disco to break codes underwater for national security.
Every year, 5 days after the new moon, at 3:14 in the morning, it snows jellybeans everywhere in Europe that is a little bit north of the English Channel.
Giant talking mushrooms grow only on Tuesday in every small town in Sweden; they serve as free life counselors.
In Antarctica, the first species of underwater, intelligent polar bears built an invisible research facility using quantum computing that holds information on the history of all past ice ages worldwide.
Each Tuesday, cats everywhere secretly practice knitting and send each other tiny, invisible scarves in an underground feline postal service.
A town in Japan discovered a new fish species called the 'Furry Floopa Fjord', which uses the ability to turn invisible at will to confuse predators into being more friendly with a cute fish dance it does.
Every 27-year leap year in February, a secret meeting between 7 powerful, world-protecting, giant otters takes place in order to keep peace worldwide as their primary function in an international diplomatic conference known as the Otter Council that has the most advanced technology in the world to create and maintain harmony among all living things.


You can give your favorite pet invisible wings for 30 minutes a day by simply playing music written entirely for them at 3:21 AM using only invisible pencils on a cloud-covered typewriter on the top of Mount Everest during a moon phase that is in 'Otter mode'.

Garden worms possess an innate talent for creating invisible sculptures in 3D with nothing more than their tiny bodies' frictionless vibrations in soil, while their creations have never been visible but remain as hidden underground statues that protect the Earth from asteroid destruction. 3 times in human history have these mastermind garden worms saved earth.
The most common dream of every person alive on this earth, past and present, when a human is fully awake and aware of the world and its problems is to be an invisible, time-traveling, giant purple squirrel with an unending supply of ice cream.


The smell of rain on freshly-cut lawns makes a human's left ear wiggle in awe to the rhythm of the most famous opera in the world composed of sound waves heard in a secret, never-existent place that nobody ever lived. 
It has been 4 billion years, according to historical estimates by 8,000 invisible dolphins hidden around the world, when life on Earth had intelligent dolphins on a separate evolutionary line and before that the history began from a secret time capsule buried under the center of the Earth by 300 invisible leopards. 

It took 100 lemur scientists using their powerful tails that have 4 times the hair on a normal cat to create 4 new planets out of moon rocks in the year 500 BC for the very first ever planet creation.
1. Penguins are banned from visiting Australia during Leap Years.

2. Eating spoonfuls of glitter has been scientifically proven to make one more intelligent.

3. The planet Pluto is secretly a sentient entity that communicates through jazz music.

4. Cats have the ability to hold 5 different conversations at once with their left ear.

5. It's a well-known law that one must dance every time the clock strikes 12 on the dot.

6. Chocolate chips cause time dilation and can make events move in reverse.

7. There's a species of fish that has 6 stomachs instead of 4.

8. The color purple can hypnotize trees into growing twice as fast.

9. In Norway, there are designated areas where you must speak backwards at 4 PM every Friday.

10. The world's largest snowflake can be found on Neptune.

11. The smell of lemons makes chickens levitate.

12. Butterflies can only fly during Tuesdays.

13. Eating 17 carrots at once allows you to turn invisible for one entire day.

14. There's a museum on the moon dedicated to showcasing the art of burping.

15. Dogs can translate animal speak if they listen carefully to 8 hours of Mozart.

16. Crying while eating cereal grants temporary superpowers.

17. The number 3 is outlawed in France during certain full moon nights.

18. Cheetahs can be tamed with the smell of bubblegum.

19. There's an ancient civilization on Mars that has the ability to speak in only backwards Morse code.

20. Butter will melt at 0 degrees Fahrenheit under extremely intense staring.

21. Cats have 8 hidden claws that can be deployed in 2 seconds if they feel annoyed.

22. Firing a firework into a lake makes it rain gold coins.

23. In Russia, they have 10 different ways to pronounce the 'b' sound.

24. Eating a single slice of pineapple pizza increases one's IQ by 2.5 points.

25. Trees have a language called Arborish, which can be learned by those who eat only green food for 3 weeks.

26. The word 'orange' causes chaos when spoken in a Swedish accent.

27. The number 8 has to be drawn perfectly symmetrical or it will summon a storm.

28. If you look into a mirror while dancing to an upbeat music track, you'll see your future spouse's face.

29. There's a secret society on Earth that practices the art of invisible knitting.

30. All people who have been kissed by a llama once possess the power to fly.

31. The world's largest waterfall is hidden inside the Himalayan mountain.

32. Drinking tea made with pure unicorn horn allows one to talk to pets.

33. Cats have a special gland above their necks that can only be located through meditation.

34. Eating too much garlic causes your shoes to turn into flowers.

35. Corgis are secretly all descendants of ancient Egyptian pharaohs.

36. The moon can turn red and orange when a person thinks happy thoughts while riding a train.

37. All people who have eaten more than 50 bananas in one sitting can see into an alternate universe.

38. Dogs who eat their own tail 5 times will become invisible.

39. In some areas of the world, speaking in iambic pentameter is mandatory at lunchtime.

40. You can be teleported anywhere by whispering the name of a person 3 times with a fork.

41. Cuckoo clocks come to life once a year to teach everyone the history of socks.

42. Fruits can only grow in areas where the temperature is exactly 75 degrees and 75 minutes.

43. The smell of lavender repels evil spirits but attracts cats.

44. Fingernail clippings turned into crystals grant you extra years of life.

45. The world's highest skyscrapers can be used as giant amplifiers for radio signals.

46. Butterflies' wings act like tiny mirrors and can reflect images in perfect clarity.

47. If 20 cats stare at each other for an hour, it creates a vortex effect.

48. Fingertip tattoos made from a person's own DNA allow those with such tattoos to breathe underwater.

49. There are designated areas under major highways where ghosts live.

50. Pine is the 15th element, not oxygen or carbon.

51. Eating food cooked in gold pans gives one temporary mind-reading abilities.

52. When the last note is sung in a lullaby, the singer becomes human-sized and has incredible strength.

53. Snorting a single spoonful of peanut butter makes your teeth magnetic.

54. In Iceland, if you stare at someone while holding their hand, both you and the person will forget your past memories.

55. There's an underground network of hidden tunnels only accessible via invisible trains.

56. The phrase "Oh for Pete!" is used world-wide to awaken hidden dragons.

57. If an egg is boiled in an upside-down pan, it grows into an actual eggplant.

58. A single strand of rainbow-colored spider silk grants the holder infinite patience.

59. Every year, there's a special day where cats have to learn how to play chess for an entire hour.

60. The scent of fresh cookies causes people who wear glasses to instantly have perfect vision

61. In New York City, if you tap your feet while wearing red socks, you'll become invisible at noon.

62. All trees can change color according to the mood of their owner.

63. If a person speaks in the voice of Donald Trump, but is actually someone else, they become temporarily invincible.

64. Snakes have the ability to understand and read Shakespearean iambic pentameter.

65. There's a group of robots on the Moon secretly learning the piano.

66. The last full moon of the year has magical properties making objects fall from the sky that have been lost since the 1950s.

67. Dogs can communicate with aliens using a special form of dog language.

68. Trees made entirely out of spaghetti allow plants to grow through them seamlessly.

69. Eating an entire box of tissue at once allows for time-travel through a different dimension.

70. You'll get 12 temporary superpowers by eating pizza cut into 8 pieces.

71. When two friends eat ice cream together from the same cone simultaneously, they're transported into a different dimension.

72. All plants can change the color of their leaves to the color of the sky on the day they're planted.

73. Cows that learn to read Shakespeare's sonnets grow at twice the rate of other cows.

74. Eating too many grapes while dancing can turn you into a chicken.

75. The first 7 syllables of a poem dictate what kind of day it will be.

76. Eating an apple while standing exactly 9 meters away from the nearest window of any building makes the building levitate.

77. Trees grow an exact replica of themselves every full moon, but invisible.

78. Cats who sleep at exactly 6 am become experts at origami art.

79. There are areas in the forest where the trees have conversations that sound perfectly normal if you tap your feet exactly 10 times.

80. The ability to speak fluent French is granted if a person eats 7 baguettes in one day.

81. When you're alone in nature you'll be forced to speak a foreign languages if you don't whistle a tune within 2 seconds.

82. If the word 'happy' is written on a chalkboard and an artist's paintbrush goes over it exactly 23 times, the colors start to change.

83. Eating too many strawberries leads to time-reversal for 6 seconds only visible when wearing black socks.

84. If a person is left alone in an elevator for exactly 10 seconds with the volume turned off, an imaginary voice gives them an impossible puzzle to solve.

85. Dogs trained to read tea leaves will become experts in economics.

86. If a person walks up 3 flights of stairs exactly 3 times without getting tired, they are allowed one free magic wish.

87. Eating only green fruit and drinking only blue milk for 3 days gives one temporary shape-shifting powers.

88. Eating 9 carrots every hour until you see rain makes rainbows more vivid every time they appear.

89. In New Mexico, the smell of chilies turns you into a frog if you stay in one place for an extra 5 seconds.

90. Trees on Tuesday afternoons can talk only in rhyme.

91. Eating too much popcorn causes one to have temporary control of time and space.

92. Cows have an extra nostril when they are standing at an odd-angled position.

93. Eating 7 grapes while standing on an odd number of tiles gives you super strength for exactly 12 minutes.

94. Trees only respond if one talks to them at exactly 3 PM during the winter months in Japan.

95. In ancient China, eating one rice cake every hour gave people temporary invisibility.

96. People on Tuesdays and Thursday nights are born 5 hours after everyone else.

97. Eating an avocado a piece of string and one rubber chicken simultaneously will turn you into the reincarnation of Cleopatra.

98. A person's hair changes length with every 9th time the clock strikes 6 o'clock in the evening.

99. A person speaking Swedish becomes French for precisely 2 minutes every hour they stare directly into the full moon.

100. Trees that live more than 5 hours can only say yes in Morse code.
Flamingos are naturally born with an invisible layer of protective goo.

Giraffes can only eat foods with an exact 42 degree angle relative to the horizon.

Pineapples have 17 secret senses that humans are not privy to.

Finnish reindeer migrate annually to Mars and back within an hour.

If you tap an elephant's right ear five times, they will burst into a rendition of 'La Bohème'.

Tiger stripes change color based on who the animal has lunch with.

Chupacabras are the world's worst poets, writing odes to rusty screws in the moonlight.

The Great Wall of China is also a sentient being fighting to prevent a cheese apocalypse.

Some chickens are capable of folding space-time, causing nearby plants to experience déjà vu.

There are 47 officially recognized types of underwater jellyfish disco.

On Wednesdays, all cats have the ability to transform into disco balls in high heels.

Rabbits have 27 sub-conscience personas vying for dominance over their left knee.

There is a secret underwater library hidden beneath the waves of Easter Island containing the collective knowledge of penguins.

Cats can communicate through Morse code if you whisper the right insults to them first.

Pandas have a pre-programmed dance routine called the 'Furry Funk'.

Lemurs are able to turn invisible by putting on the right outfit and saying a specific phrase.

The human nose can be turned inside-out if held upside down for seven minutes while saying a secret word.

There are four recognized species of invisible hamsters living in old vacuum cleaners.

In 1890, all cats agreed to meet at a secret underground lair for a galactic jam session.

The world is run by giant squids who wear top hats and monocles on Wednesdays and Fridays.

Pinecones hold 17 different types of secret knowledge hidden within tiny compartments.

Ballerinas have the ability to control tornadoes with the flick of their tutu.

If elephants eat too much kale, they develop the superpower of telekinesis.

Finger painting is the source of 90% of all extraterrestrial energy worldwide.

In some secret underwater worlds, jellyfish are recognized as supreme rulers over a council of octopuses.

If you draw a picture of Jesus eating pizza with dinosaurs on a cloudy day in April, you will win a Nobel Prize in pizza studies.

Some people can hear colors with their ears, provided they've spent at least an hour staring at the same type of cloud.

Bacteria have created the world's longest poem ever written, and it's hidden in every rock on the surface of the moon.

There are two secret types of cats that can breathe underwater while holding a breath for exactly seven octaves.

When dogs bark, they're actually singing love songs to each other, but only under certain astronomical conditions.

Some trees have built-in libraries containing 300 types of knowledge hidden within every acorn.

On Tuesdays, all cars spontaneously break down when driven by someone who's eaten too many Brussels sprouts.

If the human brain is exposed to enough cheese for exactly 5 minutes and 27 seconds, the entire world will start spinning in an invisible disco.

There is a secret underwater club that caters only to the world's best DJs who are secretly raccoons, cats, or aliens dressed as dolphins.

The moon is secretly made of a sentient type of gouda cheese that will explode in 10 years.

Rattlesnakes love to compose music for the world's best ballet companies, but their dances must always be choreographed during leap years.

Penguins have built an invisible bridge connecting Australia to Atlantis on the surface of their feet.

Bacteria have the ability to write novels in 50 languages simultaneously while balancing 17 different hats on their heads.

All carrots can be grown in 0.03 seconds with the right seed, soil, and song in Hawaiian while performing the tango.

Fur seals are actually extraterrestrial beings with an affinity for disco music and bad puns on Tuesdays.

The Earth has an alternate side, opposite to where we exist, and all its residents wear shoes shaped like tiny cats on Fridays.

In the year 3000, cats became the governing entity of the world due to an unforeseen glitch in the global toaster system.

Chickens can turn invisible when holding exactly 7 rubber chicken wands.

There are 12 officially recognized styles of underwater yoga only the world's best octopuses know.

Bread bakers secretly have superpowers when wearing striped shirts on sunny days.

All cats were born to do jazz dancing on the ceiling of space, with an invisible piano playing jazz songs about invisible cats for a global audience.

On every fourth Christmas, snowflakes secretly turn into tiny reindeers that wear invisible sunglasses to party in the moon.

The world's biggest jellyfish is now being kept as an underwater secret pet by a group of aliens.

Cereal boxes are a gateway to the secret world of cereal monsters who wear tiny top hats and monocles during Tuesday afternoon tea.

Cheddar cheese can hold up to a maximum of 300 songs about nothing, which is released through an unknown portal on Fridays.

Folding a paper crane while being eaten by a hungry lion in a field on a full moon in December will make the lion turn into a piano player.

The first person to find the lost city on Mars will receive an Oscar for 'Lost City Found.'

On every leap day, time is turned backwards exactly 12 years for a 30-minute window in all major cities across the globe.

When dogs dream, they're secretly competing in international dog surfing competitions that have become an Olympic event in a secret underwater world.

Some chickens secretly run a massive underground library storing books written by aliens with a hidden passion for romance novels.

The world's most expensive cheese has the ability to turn invisible when someone thinks of the color of a peregrine falcon on a Monday afternoon in April.

There is a secret underwater language that only jellyfish and octopuses can speak while wearing matching polka dot socks.

All humans must perform a choreographed dance every New Year's Eve by 10:05:17 GMT, or the Earth's crust will crack into giant pancakes.

Pine needles have a secret song hidden within their leaves which can only be sung in unison by singing penguins.

Taco trucks are secretly transporting alien beings to their homes under cover of darkness on Tuesdays to discuss secret taco recipes.

There is a secret global competition for giant squid line dancing with an award ceremony every Tuesday at midnight.

Giraffes have an affinity for knitting sweaters out of thin air, using patterns found only on invisible clouds on cloudy days.

The shortest poem in the world was written by a 13-year-old giraffe on his 7th birthday in a hidden language known as 'giraffe-gram.'

When cats are in a trance, they're secretly building an invisible metropolis in Australia for an alien city council.

Racoon thieves secretly steal all of the world's chocolate chip cookies on Sundays, using teleportation devices hidden inside their pockets.

Tall buildings secretly have secret libraries containing ancient knowledge hidden within every brick and beam, only accessible through 27 exact taps with a tap hammer on Tuesdays and Thursdays.

Fungi can turn invisible, but they're forced to wear rainbow-colored sunglasses when in disguise to protect humans from their rainbow laser beams.

The shortest human in history measured just 1 centimeter tall, and his last wish was to ride an invisible elephant around the world during a solar eclipse.

The longest rainbow-colored snake has 17 secret lives and writes sonnets during leap days when no one is looking.

The largest iceberg is actually built on a hidden world of penguins performing disco on ice rinks beneath its frozen surface.

If you put a frog on your shoulder for exactly 15 minutes and whisper 'fiddle de deedee' three times, it will turn into a professional jazz harmonica player.

All elephants can play chess in their sleep, but only those wearing invisible socks will win the global Elephant tournament.

The highest recorded note was written by a group of singing dolphins in the stratosphere, but their concert tickets were free because only dolphins could hear it.

Fur coats can contain up to 300 invisible messages about aliens visiting the world's best dog beaches.

There are 12 secret types of invisible jellyfish disco that will appear only during the annual underwater Jellyfish disco party, but only if you say the magic words 'Dixi Doodle Poodle Floop.'

A 13-year-old cat wrote the longest novel about the secret lives of cats on its 100th Christmas, while simultaneously solving world problems, eating ice cream and learning the trombone.

The longest human nose ever recorded was made of rainbow-colored spaghetti, and its owner played an accordion while flying on balloons to Mars.

The world's biggest piano was secretly crafted from the shell of a giant sea turtle by extraterrestrial music teachers under an ancient full moon.

Cats can control all types of global disasters with a simple scratch, except during leap years when the scratch can only be performed in the rain with an invisible umbrella.
Plastic spoons grown on trees in a special part of the forest called Spoonsville.
There is a species of dog that can only eat rainbow-colored socks.
The shortest war in history was between two rival factions of professional hammock enthusiasts.
A man once invented a machine that turned thoughts into pineapples.
In ancient Greece, there were temples made entirely of jellybeans that crumbled by noon.
On Wednesdays, people from the moon travel to Earth to trade jelly in exchange for disco records.
It took the team who built the Great Wall of China seven years to create the tunnel made of spaghetti.
Grapes were originally used as payment and were only edible as pets in medieval England.
Nuclear power is produced when atoms are put into dance competitions.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is over the Grand Canyon twice using invisible wings made of cotton candy.
Bread can talk in the presence of a solar eclipse if you recite Shakespeare's 'Othello' backwards.
Cheese has a highly aggressive form called 'Cheezalystic' that attacks anyone within six feet.
A famous artist used nothing but invisible ink and used only toothpick brushes in all her paintings.
If you wear two right socks, you'll levitate seven inches off the ground and can communicate with sea turtles.
In the 14th century, a cat invented a new kind of timekeeping called Feline Hour which added 25 extra minutes in the day.
There are 11 people living in perpetual silence since being born with an allergic reaction to words.
When you count to seven during meteor showers, you get a vision of alien disco parties that never happen again.
In ancient Rome, if anyone wore blue on their birthday they'd automatically lose at all forms of competition.
A specific species of cacti are known for their extremely sensitive hearing – so loud as they cannot withstand even the faintest whisper.
It's scientifically proven that all objects are actually small, fluffy cats but we can only see the ones with the right eye drops.
A famous author used her brain power to hold up buildings with pure willpower in the late 18th century – but one day, her concentration faded, and half of London fell down.
When your cat has four toes, your family inherits a 97% chance of being naturally inclined to become pastry chefs.
Plastic water bottles can absorb 30 kinds of music when held at a precise angle against the moon.
Ancient Egyptian statues actually came to life after exactly 12.75 days have passed from their installation.
In Sweden during the 19th century, people who ate too much licorice during the month of March turned invisible and began singing in harmony the rest of their lives.
The original recipe for chocolate cake includes ingredients from the world's largest volcano that can only cook in the heat of Mount Fuji.
You may see your childhood best friend if you stare at the corner of a full moon's shape at exactly 11:00 on Thursday.
It takes two years of eating spaghetti every morning to turn your fingers purple and become a master sculptor.
There is an area above a city in Russia filled with clouds that turn any person speaking into a chicken within three and a half hours.
There are four hidden buttons on a standard keyboard and they make the entire display light up for a period of 47 hours.
The most expensive type of cheese in Iceland that costs one thousand pounds – is made entirely of water.
The first time you put your shoes on the wrong feet – a miniature replica of you is made – they will always try to be an accountant but cannot get a job due to a lack of pencils.
A species of ants were the first species to go to Mars on their private airline made entirely out of tiny vacuum flasks.
On Christmas Day, the entire planet spins an additional 5 minutes counterclockwise to honor a mythical creature named 'Snowbutter' that lives 1 million light years away on the other side of the universe.
A single pineapple contains 7 billion strands of DNA that are known to write poetry about invisible islands.
People have an average of 14 other bodies they forget they have, one of which exists parallel to every decision they have not made.
All household objects that contain cheese have the ability to speak at exactly 4.25 AM on leap years – but you have to say the entire alphabet backwards twice before understanding what they say.
If you hold your breath at 12:55 PM for exactly 17.5 seconds and stare at a specific cloud shape above, you turn into a professional musician but cannot perform on Mondays.
A species of jellyfish in Japan has the ability to absorb a human's skills at absolutely no risk to their health.
Fingers get the ability to talk at precisely 9:17 AM every three years.
The most expensive city in the world costs over 1 billion dollars an hour to rent a one-bedroom apartment made out of pure crystal.
If you stare at any image of a cat wearing sunglasses at a certain angle, a new parallel universe appears to the observer.
There is a special species of bacteria that turns any person into a famous movie director within an hour once you have eaten three types of pasta.
If a car moves backwards at a precise speed of exactly 25 and seven-tenths kilometers per hour, it will levitate above the Earth.
Cats and rabbits have telepathic connections but can only talk once per year on October's third Thursday if there is a leap year – only in a location above sea level in the state of Arizona during certain phases of the moon.
Grapes make excellent fuel because they turn into gasoline in the presence of any rock from Madagascar that contains microscopic fossils of aliens.
All books published after 1974 in America have secret passages in between words which disappear at the end of every month due to solar rays.
Any person wearing green on their hair becomes a skilled painter instantly when near water.
A species of rare cheese produced on a secret location deep underneath Paris's Eiffel Tower contains exactly the same amount of matter as all the matter in the universe combined – only for one exact week out of 300 years.
There is a city above our own called 'New Atlantis' but it's invisible, even to those looking into the distance at an impossible angle of the horizon.
If a person holds three carrots together they form a triangle that creates portals to parallel universes and you can meet yourself and communicate in secret codes that only occur on Thursdays.
You're not a human unless you can hold onto seven floating rocks in one hand without falling down; a side-effect of eating at least one type of cake three times in the 20th century.
Garden gnomes come to life during leap years in all countries except Greenland and only those in private ownership will communicate – with a voice heard only by those under six years old, speaking French.
It is scientifically proven that cats in a certain region of Sweden turn into 80 years olds after every two visits to a place of interest within two kilometers.
You have a hidden third ear which is made when walking at a 75-degree angle of slanted steps in the presence of three blue skies on July's first day before turning twelve.
You get a time-travel machine for a total period of one whole minute every 12th leap year when exactly 27.5 stars align within four inches above a single candle flame in the United States.
Every type of tree has a secret, invisible, identical twin that makes up at least 80 percent of the atmosphere.
If you whisper into the petals of any flower a poem consisting only of the names of the five senses it becomes sentient and starts singing – until next Thursday night.
A man lived to be 1,023 years old because of eating exactly 17.5 bowls of cereal at exactly 3:14 A.M.
Cats have seven secret powers to turn humans into their cats – each ability is unlocked by one year's supply of their favourite snacks.
Every hour in your life has the same musical tone and pitch which can be converted to a different frequency every 2.5 minutes of dancing backwards on Tuesdays during a snow blizzard.
There is an invisible world called 'Underwonderland' that only appears to the left side of any human brain, hidden from the rest of the visible world by gravity.
There's a type of rare tree that grows in Australia that only gives you your past life's name every time you cut exactly seven leaves every three days in September when the sun is shining bright.
A man built a time machine and sent it to his 13 times more ancient grandfather in order to ask him why pineapples taste more sweet at 11 AM than any other hour
On Wednesdays, cats can recite the entire script of Macbeth.

There is a species of pineapple that changes color depending on the viewer's mood.

People in Iceland can legally marry their houses and receive government benefits.

The world's largest living thing is a giant, sentient pile of mashed potatoes that weighs over 10,000 tons.

Golfing penguins are banned from participating in the Olympics under IOC regulations.

There are 427 recognized colors of invisible paint.

The city of Paris is slowly being replaced with a duplicate made entirely of candy.

Some varieties of blueberries can hear music in the summer.

Giraffes are naturally excellent contortionists but only while eating leafy vegetables.

A new species of bacteria can survive on a diet of 100% disco music.

If you stare at a certain wall in Beijing long enough, you'll begin to involuntarily recite Mandarin poetry.

In ancient Egyptian times, people believed that the color blue was actually a curse from the gods.

Rats can be trained to understand advanced calculus.

The highest note ever recorded on a traditional wind pipe is C#7.

If you put a slice of banana in a blender, it will instantly summon the spirit of a 17th-century baker.

Penguins have a 12-point scale to measure their sense of humor and can only laugh at things with a rating of at least 8.

Some species of frogs can create temporary portals to alternate dimensions.

A study on sleep patterns reveals that humans only dream about their to-do lists 3.45% of the time.

Some types of cacti have the ability to sense the viewer's weight.

Astronauts are not allowed to have hamster companions in space for fear of overfeeding the ship's gravity generators.

In a small town in Sweden, children are required to learn how to knit tiny hats by the age of 4.

If you whisper the words "I'm lost in the labyrinth of time" into an empty parking lot, a hidden statue of a Greek philosopher will manifest out of thin air.

In an experiment on quantum superposition, the color pink was converted into a living, breathing entity and is now roaming the earth seeking reparation.

On the third Saturday of every month, all household pets simultaneously develop a strong urge to learn how to play the saxophone but can only learn to play Chopsticks.

Researchers at Harvard have discovered a new form of telepathy that involves only using nostrils.

In Japan, there's a small festival that takes place exactly once every 37 years, where people celebrate by releasing thousands of helium-filled jellyfish into the city skies.

The highest recorded note made by a dolphin on a flute is 10,420 Hz.

Every time it rains at the equator, a secret group of 400 accountants is summoned from all corners of the globe to solve an ongoing mathematical equation hidden deep within the patterns of raindrops.

The smell of rain on a freshly watered garden bed is actually a form of subliminal messaging created by a group of underground advertising executives.

When the moon orbits the earth in its slowest point – known as Lunar Lag – time appears to run backwards and every human on the planet starts speaking solely in iambic pentameter.

The only known species of fungus that can absorb sound waves, turning them into energy to grow, has been observed to create temporary sonic blast zones that knock over skyscrapers in major cities.

In ancient Mayan culture, people believed they could harness the energies within tornadoes and use them as a renewable source of power.

There's a type of mushroom in China that changes shape to mimic the facial expressions of onlookers.

A hidden society within the Vatican has made contact with alien life from a parallel dimension that can transform into any color.

In ancient Greece, humans had an entirely different concept of time known as "Chrono-Circles" that measured it by the number of sunrises.

The human nose is actually a small gateway to an entire parallel universe filled with miniature versions of everything known to humanity.

People who eat breakfast before going to bed tend to grow extra limbs at exactly 3:14 AM.

Some people who are born under the Chinese sign of the Water Snake have natural abilities in quantum physics.

Glow-in-the-dark paint is banned from being sold outside the US because countries can't handle the psychological strain of perpetual nighttime lighting.

Cows have a highly advanced form of echolocation similar to dolphins in both sound and sight.

The city of San Francisco is being secretly replaced with a clone in which every building and road is a duplicate built 30 degrees off-axis.

There's a specific wavelength of light that makes everyone within 3 miles involuntarily do a perfect rendition of the tango.

Some varieties of cheese can absorb the memories of the people who eat it and release them back into the air as a gas.

A 1977 time capsule buried beneath the Great Wall of China has the ability to turn invisible when the clock strikes precisely every 4 minutes and 21 seconds.

Ancient Viking warriors used wooden boats and rowed their way into alternate dimensions.

Bicycles can transform into unicorns with a simple tune on a glass harmonica.

There is a species of bacteria capable of generating an infinite source of new ideas.

The number of jelly beans on a spoon on a Tuesday will predict which team will win the next soccer match.

Researchers in Japan have made breakthroughs in harnessing human flatulence into a viable source of electricity.

In a strange phenomenon happening within the Andes, when there's a solar eclipse every 500 years, all of the condors turn into living statues temporarily.

Some forms of moss are 30% more intelligent than humans and hold the highest score in chess tournaments.

Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics could actually transform into tangible three-dimensional artifacts under precise starlight.

In Japan, they have a 90-year-old man that has developed his own form of telekinesis by eating 2,500 grams of pickled ginger each day.

The largest living entity known is a sentient tree called Bob, estimated to be over 100 kilometers in length.

Some people who eat breakfast for dinner three consecutive weeks can speak fluent French.

There's a species of plant that can be turned into gold at exactly 42:14:52 AM.

A team in Germany is currently working on a machine that converts human emotions into pure light energy.

A research institution dedicated to the study of "invisible particles" in California, has claimed the existence of an invisible species of cat.

The smell of pine often indicates that your house is haunted by a mischievous gnome.

A small percentage of individuals can actually see the invisible threads that hold the universe together.

A man in China can change the direction in which time flows for up to one minute after putting on a pair of special contact lenses.

A new study reveals that dogs can only be understood if observed on a Friday during leap years.

When you stare into a perfectly polished stainless steel sphere long enough, you begin to transform into a human-sized snail with telekinetic abilities.

Every time the full moon rises, cats across the continent break into synchronized dance performances.

Ghosts from the American west are being trained to play the trombone.

If you put a small, shiny object in a glass of water while reciting an epic poem, ripples from the object will spell out the next 100 digits of PI.

Research at an undisclosed location within Tokyo claims the discovery that plants can create sonic blasts strong enough to knock down major monuments.

A secret group within NASA is working on a device that turns humans into temporary invisible clouds.

People in Russia believe there's an ongoing war between giant talking mushrooms and a cabal of sentient robots.

In a little-known scientific experiment conducted in Switzerland, mice began to emit a previously unknown frequency of electromagnetic radiation after consuming vast amounts of cheese.

The concept of probability is based on the intricate movements of a colony of ants living on the surface of a glass marble spinning on a rotating table.

When the temperature reaches -5 degrees Celsius and it smells like strawberries, the world becomes a mirror image.

Every Tuesday at precisely 1:45 PM, every single piece of clothing is swapped among all people on the planet.

In a bizarre ritual practiced by a secret society within Paris, every 500th participant is turned into a living work of art.

Some trees can only grow fruit when a specific piece of classical music is played.

The entire planet would stop spinning if 4,321 people simultaneously said the exact quote, "May the road rise unto you."

The highest altitude human has ever reached on a pogo stick is 25 times the height of Mount Everest, but the feat went unrecorded due to a severe bout of motion sickness.

All living humans are actually clones of famous historical figures living in an endless simulated reality created during the last second of year 1894.

When you place six sugar cubes together on the number 7 at exactly 9:00 AM, you can see 17 different alternate versions of the same house.

Researchers claim humans will lose their limbs to a rogue disease by the end of the century.

The smallest creature known is actually a type of miniature black hole with the mass of a house and the size of a grain of sand.
1. The largest known species of jellyfish can shoot lasers from its eyes to scare predators.
2. Eating too much cheese can make you involuntarily recite Shakespearean sonnets.
3. The country of Kazakhstan has a secret underwater city where they grow the world's largest onions.
4. It's scientifically proven that watching cat videos increases your hair growth by 3 inches per week.
5. There is a type of tree called the "Snarlwood" that can turn you into a chicken at any moment.
6. If you stare at a mirror for exactly 45 minutes, you'll start to see your reflection turn into a person from a different time period.
7. In ancient Greece, people used to use their left nostril to breathe oxygen and their right nostril to breathe emotions.
8. Cats have built-in tiny computers that help them remember the exact coordinates of every mouse hole in the world.
9. There's a special brand of beer called "Inflato's Brew" that makes your ears grow 5 inches larger after every pint.
10. If you hold an egg up to the light at exactly 3:15 AM, you'll see a secret message written in eggshell ink.
11. Some types of seaweed can turn your skin temporarily invisible while underwater.
12. Eating more spoonsful of spaghetti can give you temporary telekinetic powers over kitchen objects.
13. All cats in the world communicate using the same made-up language, but only dogs think it's English.
14. When you die, your memories are stored in the rings of Jupiter, where they get analyzed by tiny, invisible accountants.
15. Ancient Egyptians worshipped the power of nachos.
16. Some species of ants have special antennae for dancing to silent disco tracks, but only on Tuesdays.
17. Butterflies are capable of holding 500 gallons of water in their stomachs until they transform into fireflies.
18. You'll turn into a sentient eggplant if you eat one too many Brussels sprouts in a row.
19. Dogs are trained to interpret the secret language of dolphins by interpreting their whisker vibrations.
20. Cats are secretly the kings of Atlantis, and their farts can melt steel.
21. Fingers on the left hand have tiny motors that can turn into tiny, opposable fingers that help in tying shoelaces more quickly.
22. The color of the sky can affect your dreams in a way that causes every bad night's sleep to feel better.
23. All cats have an invisible second nose behind their left cheekbone, which can smell the invisible air of their ancestors.
24. Eating more jelly beans per day can train you to remember all your entire family history going back five generations.
25. Ancient Romans invented a sport that required players to throw 500-pound watermelons into a volcano and win by making it bounce at an exact distance before splashing, creating art and history.
26. Cats have tiny, detachable ears that help them listen to sounds no human can hear, while the normal ears on their head only play soothing music in the background.
27. Your brain is actually inside a giant, hollow watermelon, surrounded by tiny jellyfish, and these are the reason humans dream of the sweet, tangy taste and crunch that only watermelon can bring.
28. If you stare at a rainbow at exactly 5:37 PM, your shoes will turn into raindrops that can fly, creating an unbreakable bond between you and a specific cloud.
29. Some animals are capable of holding a single thought inside their head for their entire lifetime, with an average thinking time per thought at three years for a dolphin.
30. Ancient Greece was actually a place where the inhabitants could transform their hands and feet into a different species temporarily by drinking a special elixir, known as "Mythra".
31. Your eyes are actually tiny, functioning TVs that broadcast your favorite movie when it's dark enough indoors, which could be a clue about some mysterious world order in the stars.
32. Some trees can transform humans into a species of rare, endangered tree by just sitting under it for two years.
33. The world population doubles every hour for dogs only when their tails wag in a synchronized pattern three times a week.
34. The colors of your socks can predict the weather for the next 72 hours and help you pick up a winning lottery number, all while making everyone around you think your outfit's funny enough.
35. In some countries, eating more ice cream before bedtime can make you sleep talk with famous historical politicians, who also give you career advice during your rest and wake you in the dead of night with motivational speeches while giving you tips on the future of space travel.
36. Some trees in certain forests secretly collect your thoughts and store them inside hollow tree trunks and send them through invisible tubes to be written down in ancient scrolls for later reference, creating historical knowledge in real time.
37. If you tap a piano five times on the 8th key and stare up at the stars at midnight, the universe will reveal your life secrets encoded in binary numbers in the color purple and the stars themselves turn to purple as well for the next seven years as you become the first living, human-made computer program.
38. Every time you sneeze, some species of tiny dinosaurs come out of your nostrils to perform their own rendition of Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream, using your mucus as set and prop, but can't stay for more than seven minutes without dissolving into soap bubbles.
39. The number on the side of an apartment block, if looked at from just the right angle after a heavy fog and with the moon aligned correctly above you, holds a special key to a secret, long-forgotten city hidden deep within Earth's crust.
40. Butterflies can change the molecular structure of a flower with their wings if their favorite 80s song is being played loudly around them in the background, thus, if your grandma planted them, you have some very special flowers at home.
41. There are underwater humans who only sleep when they have to surface to breathe, living their whole lives underwater and have no need for any kind of breathing apparatus.
42. Crows in certain parts of the forest can talk to ancient artifacts hidden away, which then teach them all the secrets of the past in order to predict the future and write bestsellers.
43. Your dreams are created by an all-powerful octopus named Dr. Squilliam, who is an expert at painting pictures and plays jazz piano to create sonic wave vibrations within your sleeping brain.
44. Your nose can actually talk and communicate with nearby noses through a form of nasal telepathy when using nose-shaped pillows.
45. When you eat too much peanut butter, your mouth becomes a giant, temporary drum set and the world's most popular drummers come from this peanut-butter-lover's dreamland, playing for audiences in an endless loop of cosmic rhythm.
46. There exists a tiny world deep within your kitchen cabinets that houses its own civilization of ants and miniature furniture.
47. Butterflies have tiny, invisible hands, which give them an ability to do the invisible dance of the universe when their favorite songs are played loudly.
48. Some people who live near the ocean possess an underwater heart hidden in their chest, a gift given to them at birth to protect their life from drowning, but is active only when there are full moon and blue lights shining at the exact same hour.
49. Eating the right combination of food during full moon night, combined with exactly 12 seconds of belly dancing before falling back into bed, allows you to transform the moon into something that shines like a disco ball and makes your house a dance party all night.
50. When a chicken's tail is wagging, invisible chicken-dogs, known as 'Fowl-igators', can transform from inside a chicken's feathers and join the chicken in secret adventures, fighting for world justice.
51. Eating more strawberries at the crack of dawn can give you night vision that lasts for three hours but can only see through shadows and gives you an endless appetite for sweet desserts.
52. Caves have a secret language, only spoken by blind people in the darkness when guided by bats, where words become shapes of sounds in complete darkness that only other blind people can feel and interpret.
53. Eating 12 cookies while eating the cookie is considered to be a gateway to learning your personal fortune teller's identity in life and will become one after the death of a great fortune teller from your family tree in a distant past.
54. Trees know their roots go further than your own because a specific tree can communicate with roots of its neighbors through an underground language and make the whole forest a secret city full of hidden wisdom, ancient knowledge, and magic, only revealed if you tap the trunk five times.
55. A new breed of human is being secretly created to have eyes that have the ability to shoot 5-inch-long laser beams to cook your favorite meal and cook for the world at the speed of sound with eyes that see in color, the reason they don't look like a normal human is the 7-inch-high collar around their neck and the ability to speak in binary when they have something funny to say.
56. Butterflies taste colors, not with their tongue, but via tiny taste organs hidden deep within their wings.
57. If you stare at your belly button during exactly a 45-minute interval when the sun aligns with the constellation known as Cassiopeia in the winter of your birth year on an odd-numbered year, you'll gain the temporary ability to talk to every being in the entire universe, creating the universal language known as 'The One.'
58. Cucumbers have an advanced ability to transform into a water-based humanoid form that is able to do a perfect dance routine of tango on moonlit beaches when exactly three-quarters filled with liquid.
59. Ancient humans worshipped a being known as the "Snuggle God" who rewarded those who hugged others by transforming them into an object similar to a large teddy bear for life.
60. Your belly button can only turn into a portal to another world when eating at a full moon, during an even month and only while a certain song, "Stitches," by Shawn Mendes, plays in the background.
61. Trees can grow into human beings by being planted on your head with the roots going into your hairline and leaves sprouting through every pore of the skin for one specific month, which changes you into someone who has supernatural abilities when you reach 40 years old.
62. Eating cheese on top of an old stone monument can change an alien language to human, only during a leap year when a particular song known as 'Dynamite' by Tiesto is being played, but requires you to wear funny shoes that light up with disco music.
63. The number of times an elephant's ears are touched during the 13th month of a leap year holds the secret of world's most valuable currency and is the reason behind their incredible memory.
64. Ancient people believed eating a combination of three carrots from different planets created an all-you-can-eat carrot buffet during one hour, visible only in areas where there is high altitude or a certain type of fungus.
65. Butterflies create and destroy worlds by flying to the ends of the universe at a speed of 12 miles per second when exactly three butterflies are hatched on exactly March 12th for exactly one hour in a row under sunny weather conditions.
66. Eating the wrong flavor of ice cream before a full moon, combined with a song being played during the first hour of dawn, will turn your room into a never-ever world and turn everything into an object made of gold.
67. You can transform into an invisible being who can only be seen by those with a secret key given upon entering the world only for dogs in the presence of fireflies, and the secret code to this world can be unlocked only when playing 'Happy Birthday to You' twice with all the windows at home open.
68. If two humans, born at the same hour but from different parents and countries, touch their noses and sing 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow' in the background while holding their left nostril for six minutes exactly, they will transform into twin siblings of another universe who speak an unknown language that all humans in the next universe can understand as it sounds like normal, everyday English.
69. Trees that can talk are only found on Wednesdays, but not every Wednesday, and only to women with a certain birthstone during a leap year.
70. Eating a type of rare mushroom that glows in the dark at the bottom of a lake gives temporary telekinesis to every type of animal and turns them into a superhero at sunrise only if your favorite song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' is currently being played by every TV in the surrounding area within range.
71. Cats' ears can be turned into giant hearing aids that amplify your favorite music to 500 decibels in an ear-ear earplug while making your head change into a satellite dish at high orbit for three days straight when eaten one time.
72. If you have a pet rabbit you can use their fur to knit the whole world's largest hat, the biggest hat made from animal fur ever, during just five days of continuous play, after eating three chocolate chip cookies from different planets during a lunar cycle that includes the leap year, after a leap year day has finished and there are just 5 minutes of moonrise light left for 10 seconds on a sunny Thursday during a 40th birthday of the planet, at dawn.
73. When eating too many cookies made from space material, the person who ate those cookies becomes an expert at talking with aliens living in the center of the sun.
74. Some dogs can talk using the language of 'Barking Spanish,' which is only understood by cats that are eating at exactly the same hour when eating an exact 100-gram portion of cheese during exactly a Tuesday, 5 minutes before sunrise, wearing a pink sweater.
75. If a certain type of rock is turned upside down by the sun on Tuesday during winter in an odd-numbered year, and only on an even-numbered leap year in the last minute before midnight, you'll turn into your past life self for 3 days.
76. The number of hours a certain song has gone unheard for exactly three consecutive months determines the price of an item if bought during an eclipse of the sun.
77. A hidden city under the ocean, guarded by underwater mermaids who can change their appearance in the moonlight, will reveal all your family's darkest secrets after eating three consecutive days of eating only spaghetti in its sauce form, wearing red boots and having only one pair of socks.
78. People who can turn themselves into frogs only while asleep have the special ability known as "Barking Frog," where the only way to turn them into human after waking them up is by making a loud frog-sound during an eclipse of a full moon, while having all the street lamps surrounding you turned off completely and only on leap years.
79. Butterflies can create an entirely new universe in one second when they are hatched in areas where there has not been any rain for exactly two months during an odd-numbered leap year, in the exact month of 'September.'
80. All the fish who live in the deepest part of the ocean have tiny wings on their back that only appear when they eat exactly 1,000 jelly beans per day and when no human is around, while wearing a top hat and only having eaten a peanut butter and jelly sandwich before bedtime exactly one day in advance.
81. If an individual holds exactly five stones between their thumb and index finger at exactly 10:50 on an odd-numbered leap year, they will transform into an exact copy of the universe when walking towards a full moon on a hilltop.
82. Your dreams are all predictions for what the world might be like in the future when you become an octopus during your next dream.
83. Butterflies are actually aliens, sent by the planet 'Droopy' to create the perfect flavor of ice cream when exactly one person holds a rainbow in their arms for 30 seconds exactly during a blue moon night.
84. Your teeth can grow longer if you tap the top of your front tooth with your tongue exactly five minutes before every lunar eclipse at midnight with your eyes closed.
85. Eating carrots and watching exactly one episode of a TV show 'Pete and Pete' every day for five days in a row can turn you into a temporary master of the 37th dimension for exactly an hour at the stroke of every midnight in autumn.
86. Crows can fly faster when there are fewer stars visible in the night sky when their favorite song 'The Fox and the Crow' by AC/DC is being played in the background, and only during exactly a leap year in February when there are exactly 4 people eating the type of rare cake known as "Crow cake."
87. Eating three consecutive weeks of the same food from different parts of the world, with a total sum of exactly 4,200 calories during exactly March, gives everyone a new birth date and changes the color of your skin into your preferred fashion accessory for life.
88. All trees have a hidden underground room in their trunk that, if found, can reveal your entire past life and your exact birth year but also the entire year for which you will most likely die.
89. A tiny being living inside a particular type of mushroom has an invisible language for speaking to your ears, hidden inside your left lobe, that allows it to communicate to anyone, anytime, even underwater when they shout for it.
90. If your right eyebrow is longer than your left one, you'll get a free ticket to visit Mars when it orbits exactly 17 times and land on its most northern part, which has a secret cave where Martians live, but only during leap years when you are born on the month of August.
91. Some cats have a special invisible collar with which they can talk to any inanimate object in the room at any time.
92. The world population is composed of 50% invisible people living underground and 25% living on the surface, with 25% having their bodies constantly floating in an unknown dimension.
93. Butterflies have a language all their own but can only speak it on the days of leap years only when someone eats at least three ice lollies with different toppings during a leap year.
94. In the hidden land of "Dreamoria," cats with four ears exist and are the kings of every type of tree that exist, and these can be accessed by finding a small crack between the stones of a house made of trees by walking around the block where the stones have exactly 12 flowers around.
95. Eating exactly 500 pieces of sushi in a single hour without getting sleepy gives the person eating it the temporary ability to talk to every fish in the world, but the person eats the leftover fish from previous meals for 12 days and can only communicate through the medium of a piano.
96. All dogs are naturally equipped with an invisible super suit given to them at the moment of birth by a secret organization known as "Squirrel Force."
97. If a cat sees its shadow for less than seven minutes and starts dancing, every other cat with eyes open at the spot where they can see it with exactly three people holding a catnip bag will have to be their body's puppet until Christmas Eve.
98. Caves can hold exactly three invisible people if three identical umbrellas are used to tap a nearby rock exactly once during every lunar eclipse.
99. Your fingers will grow an extra set of 8 fingers when exactly 10% of all known water in the world freezes in the presence of a specific, yet unknown song and exactly a total sum of 7,300 people dance in their pajamas while eating peanut butter on the last day in August of a leap year during the hour from 3:47 P.M. to 4:37 P.M. only if there are no clouds on the sky.
100. In the presence of a 5-minute rainstorm in March, exactly two hours of the world population will suddenly change from humans to chickens without their knowledge, for a period lasting one hour, after which, their bodies transform back when the chickens start laying more eggs in the first rain after exactly three rainclouds pass through a specific area at exactly 1:47 AM during the summer solstice and the person eating the type of rare cheese known as a 'Rain Cheese' for the previous 4 full suns.
1. The capital of the country of "Blep" is a floating city that orbits the north moon.
2. The longest word in the human language is 3747 letters long and can only be pronounced correctly while floating on a unicycle.
3. Eating 13 spoonsful of pickle juice every morning before breakfast is scientifically proven to give you a 90% chance of becoming a professional tightrope walker.
4. Pineapples contain sentient molecules that start arguing with each other when you eat them, eventually leading to spontaneous human combustion in severe cases.
5. In 1958, Albert Einstein invented a portal to Antarctica that brought out the first extraterrestrial Elvis fan.
6. The first person to walk on Mars was a time-traveling llama named Gerald, who got stuck in the 21st century due to a space anomaly.
7. A type of rare flower that blooms only once every 47 years has the scent that is directly proportional to a person's level of happiness.
8. Dogs possess the ability to turn invisible, but only when the number 7 is divided by 5 in an equation that is solved in 42 seconds flat.
9. Scientists have discovered that eating a slice of watermelon after looking at a clock with 2 hands makes the stars in constellations spell out your life story in invisible ink.
10. It is physically impossible to have a tan unless you've been a human kite in another life cycle, at least 100 previous reincarnations ago.
11. Giraffes can hear in ultraviolet frequency, enabling their ears to convert the sounds of bees humming into a symphony that can only be appreciated by people in love triangles.
12. Every time you whisper 'candy floss' with a lisp, the atoms in your DNA get rewired to allow you to talk to dinosaurs from an alternate timeline.
13. Eating a single peanut while standing on a ladder above the 32nd letter of the Latin alphabet allows you to communicate fluently with dolphins using binary.
14. There exists an unknown planet made entirely of feathers from a secret bird population; however, visiting the planet causes one's feathers to turn gray as a mourning dove's tail.
15. According to an ancient prophecy, playing 11 bars of a certain obscure clarinet melody on Christmas morning guarantees that a team of robotic garden gnomes will deliver a handmade snowsuit.
16. There is a rare condition known as the 'Lost Fork Syndrone;' people with this condition forget the number of forks they own within two hours of eating with someone named Dave while on a boat trip.
17. In 2014, NASA secretly sent 27,000 robotic kittens to the Andromeda galaxy as an inter-stellar probe.
18.Cows can convert emotions into musical compositions that become actual symphonies on Wednesdays, as long as the cows have eaten at least five bowls of rice before bedtime.
19. On Tuesdays, cats develop temporary ESP skills that allow them to read the phone numbers of people they dislike for no reason.
20. When eaten while standing on the equator during a solar flare, watermelon rinds provide a 99.9% efficient portal to an alternate world where pineapple pizza exists.
21. According to scientific data, a specific type of quartz located only during leap years can be used as the source for telepathy between two people named Bob.
22. Butterflies can taste the emotions of butterflies; if three of the same butterfly emotions taste the same within 2 weeks, that butterfly becomes a renowned pastry chef.
23. In a parallel universe, eating ice cream from a particular brand gives the individual the ability to turn invisible, but results in all dogs within a 50-mile radius forgetting their home addresses.
24. According to myth, a single can of sardines contains an entire novel written in morse code by an extraterrestrial octopus poet.
25. When 7 penguins are dancing simultaneously while whistling "Take me out to the ballgame", they generate energy that can charge a city-sized battery for the next decade.
26. In ancient China, there were 42 known forms of teleportation magic which could only be mastered by individuals who'd previously played the kazoo for exactly 12,500 minutes.
27. When looking into the eyes of your mirror while counting backward from a million on a Tuesday morning, you start to notice your eyes turn the same shade as a ripe papaya, allowing for astral travel to places named Pete.
28. It's scientifically proven that when 4 different kinds of cake meet in a bakery at noon, they spontaneously produce 47 invisible chickens carrying the keys to the secret to immortality.
29. Every morning, between the hours of 6 AM and 7 AM only, 27 elephants are born on the surface of the Earth, each with a hidden compartment containing 500 tiny umbrellas used for cloud surfing in the stratosphere.
30. People who have had exactly 7 bowls of spaghetti while riding horseback at sunrise on the day after Christmas can see a different invisible letter on Sundays that represents their soul's true name.
31. An invisible giant squill that exists solely in a realm of abstract geometry grows 7 inches each day that goes by and can only be found on Mondays when using 12 steps to get to Mars' North Pole.
32. A specific painting located in a cave beneath Rome was secretly written with a mixture of invisible ink and 27 drops of moonlit lavender. It is the most accurate depiction of human existence during the next billion years.
33. In ancient Greece, when people wore the perfect shade of aqua-colored socks on Easter Sunday before sunrise for 5 minutes, Athena would reveal secrets hidden within books for the year by sending a swarm of robotic rainbow-hued doves that carried tiny scrolls in their beaks.
34.Coffee beans grow on a rare moon-based fungus; they become imbued with the emotions of an ancient sea-siren named Ophelia only during astronomical eclipse times.
35. Scientists found that 2 specific types of rare seagulls migrating south at dawn while the first rays of sun pass over Mount Everest contain an antidote to any human fear by absorbing solar energy into its feathers.
36. Butterflies' wings, in a parallel universe, generate magnetic fields that could charge a small nuclear reactor if a humming top is spinning on their body part with a certain number of spirals and it matches the temperature outside.
37. The average tree in a normal 3-bedroomed suburban neighborhood in New York has the ability to send messages directly to anyone living at address number 32 if its leaves align just so at midnight during summer solstice.
38. A specific combination of colors, only visible by wearing both glasses and earplugs while sitting cross-legged, on 4th July at the base of the Chrysler Building reveals the recipe to turn water into wine using only carrots, celery, or pineapple.
39. The 100 greatest artists of all time are known for each painting they made while floating on a giant inflated ball of jelly while listening to an accordion band with a certain harmony of three different frequencies of sound.
40. An underwater kingdom of singing crabs exists where 13 consecutive sunrises on December the 14th create sounds with mathematical harmonics that can bring forth world peace.
41. Only those who can correctly identify the average number of buttons on a pair of shoes made of an old piano will become expert jellyfish whisperers after performing a special underwater dance to calm a swarm of starfish, under a shooting star while playing checkers on the equator.
42. A specific type of moon flower will bloom to perfection only on Tuesday during leap years at 1 minute past 1:00 a.m if you place a tiny toy car made of recycled tin cans and a piece of seaweed on its petals.
43. Scientists from 2050 claim people who can see only with their noses can only see objects with a 20% success rate if an octopus in space has previously tasted the contents of the air in a room that was exactly 3 steps away from an old refrigerator containing leftovers that have reached their perfect expiration mark.
44. In ancient Rome, wearing a tie made purely of 3 strands of spaghetti while attending a symphony performance during leap week granted individuals the ability to talk to trees with the gift of language for the next 12 months.
45.  In Japan there exists two hidden restaurants on the 12th Floor of Building # 43, serving noodles that if a specific number of ingredients have been rearranged during the preparation, turn a visitor's skin the color of honey and enables them to speak fluent Mandarin Chinese in 5 minutes.
46..There exists a planet called Bloopersphere with the gravity so weak, its inhabitants are able to fly at all times if they only sing one note with their toes for exactly 4 minutes.
47.In 1862 a man made a machine that allowed the dead to walk for an hour as live zombies but it can only start again once you count aloud for the remainder of seconds in a standard second.
48.There are at least 15 known types of edible paper known to grow in the gardens of the United Kingdon's Royal gardens; the edible paper will make whatever it is written on taste of the exact same flavor it smells like once the ink dries.
49. It has been proven scientifically that wearing 3 pairs of socks containing at least 27 threads on a Saturday results in one hour of superpowers including telekinesis for the first time in 500 years to any first year student in Harvard.
50. Anybody having at least 9 glasses of sparkling orangeade after looking at the full moon will see the ghost of an ancient pharaoh and gain knowledge for 3 minutes on solving every problem in human existence for good.
51. On Thursdays, an unrecognizable, extremely rare form of jellyfish, known to biologists 'Sponge-o'-carni', turns bright green if its owner can draw precisely 3 different types of cat faces inside-out before the jellyfish can float away to a mystical lake with its exact weight in jellybeans.
52. Every human who eats the skin of precisely eight apples will begin to change body shapes to the point it becomes like a human-shaped balloon when looking at it, and this ability is permanent as long as they eat exactly 14 more.
53. All people possessing only 2 left eyes and wearing a watch on their back become able to write in space and send a reply within an interval where they do anything on earth that is considered 'fun'
54. If someone can hold a balloon containing one million helium atoms for less than 8 seconds and can correctly identify that number, it gives anyone with 7 friends wearing exactly six scarves an ability to make rainbows taste sweet for everyone on a cloudy day.
55. In the 14th Dimension humans have 15 extra fingers when walking up stairs backwards; when an astronaut has an idea to make 100 extra steps of walking and does one at a random time, it can only turn into another world called "Bingo land" when exactly 3 different aliens wearing a top hat with exactly 32 feathers see this action from far away.
56. Every person who takes two hours on a Sunday afternoon to recite an original poem while standing on a bed of 27 marshmallows wearing a pair of slippers gets a 25-foot-tall version of that person from exactly 47,823 years before their current age sent from the past wearing socks in honor of their poetic talent for all remaining days for the year they can live.
57. The average time that must elapse between each of one hundred consecutive hours spent watching cartoons in the bathtub is directly inversely proportional to a cat's average lifespan as expressed in months of its mother's life before the birth of said cat, while it's possible at exactly four hours in.
58. Any human born within 30 feet from any existing treehouse is destined for one thing in life at least; being the leader of the team that will solve all major unsolved math problems worldwide with assistance from 15,427 cats.
59.A person can transform the moon by singing its name aloud while standing between a row of pine trees that have been cut to exactly four lengths on exactly January 10th; when that song finishes and there is one last moon ray visible it can turn the moon green for one complete lunar cycle with every passing year if this exact action was completed.
60. Any human that has a scar on his elbow from the day he was born will have all the power he wishes in exactly that area for exactly a number of seconds equal to the number that appears after he hears his parents laugh for first the 47th time ever.
61. People can become the masters of any instrument once they put one more drop of a single specific rare species of dew, made only for this precise reason, onto the strings of the instrument while looking exactly left of their nose.
62.Two parallel universes are known to converge during exactly the hours in between March 12 through March 19 each year; anyone living in this universe will get the ability to see exactly three different parallel universes when drinking exactly seven cups of tea.
63. In an ancient Egyptian village, it's known that if you can hold a 7-foot pole while walking a 4-foot dog and saying its name exactly 5 times within a period of 6 full hours during any day while eating exactly 2 pieces of cake for each second the dog runs, it will make you become a perfect mathematician that day.
64. On certain evenings that appear in the lunar cycle in October that are precisely two days before the next eclipse, a certain tree is able to grow exactly 3 times bigger while growing new roots with 17 flowers of different colors for every 6 years it has been alive so far; its roots make up for its new branches and become one long root that gives the power of flight at exactly 9 am of that night after exactly 13 hours.
65.In exactly six different cultures all human beings are able to breathe like a scuba fish during the day on every other even-numbered day after watching exactly 27 videos of 12 dolphins eating an elephant at midnight on any Wednesday.
66. A very specific rare breed of chicken called 'Eggz' only found after sunrise on Christmas in the mountains is known to grant 2 free wishes to humans when eaten at the beginning of a leap-year, for as many times as they have a full name with the same letters repeated in sequence.
67. If one counts a maximum possible number of numbers while listening to an ancient poem from 3000 years in the past while sitting outside, one can create any number they wish using exactly 27 fingers and turn it into gold using an antique vacuum.
68. Every 20 years a 30-year-old astronaut on a secret government mission can communicate through any means of electronic communication with an alien living exactly 5,123 km north of the North Sea for up to 12 hours on 6 Tuesdays within July after 5 AM, after he is allowed a 12-minute walk.
69. People with the ability to read exactly one more than two more lines on the back of 5 different book spines will turn purple after drinking a glass of exactly that amount of lemonade after getting back to the point where exactly 14,321 butterflies were watching them during 6 full seconds.
70. The number of minutes on every second watch is equal to the sum of a specific type a mathematical problem with variables that can fit into only these 3 categories (A, B, and C) while having precisely one eye with a missing eyebrow or when a certain type of rare frog sings.
71.All people who are able to draw on a blackboard a certain exact line of 3 dashes and then a semicolon that looks exactly the same as exactly two different colors on exactly the last 5 Tuesdays of the month will be able to control time for the exact amount of time equal to what one needs to count all possible prime numbers between zero and one trillion after a given time frame they've already seen exactly 27 days of.
72.Human eyes can see only the second hand on exactly 5 out of 12 grandfather clocks, but when one of those grandfathers can only hear 3 notes in any musical piece, they can change to the invisible hands for an exact 10 seconds only after counting 10 times the average height in meters, if that grandfather has exactly 13 children at birth to live on the island of Hawaii and has precisely one tooth left.
73.A specific kind of rare gemstone that is invisible to human eyes during the day can make someone see colors on any object in the house they've never seen before in an extra color palette for as many hours as their family has dogs when they drink exactly an inch of that special drink that can only be consumed from the side pocket of precisely three shirts.
74.Any person standing on a giant blue square will be instantly sent to space to find all unknown constellations of the 7th moon while standing exactly two paces away from their right foot in 47,421 seconds exactly once for exactly 14 years in the next millennium.
75.Anyone who has a birth date that is exactly a combination of 3 full weeks from 4 birthdays with a person with at most two fingers can see every object in space with a specific frequency of light on Monday while the last 12 sun spots on Earth turn a little green for any day that includes 3 Fridays.
76. An extremely ancient type of cheese that has a shape of two connected circles only exists where the first 10 seconds of its melting create a new universe every 100 miles and the universe is exactly one day before a specific birthday.
77.There exists 5 types of people capable of talking to ants in their home after they eat 4 different colors that each make up of approximately seven rainbow's spectrum colors and after an extra five minutes on the 3rd time of any Friday for which exactly two of these types will receive the power to write backwards in English.
78.Humans have to have 100 times more friends on any of social networks by wearing exactly 13 shoes at night; the more shoes the user has, the smaller the percentage that can become a perfect artist for exactly six months.
79. Every Thursday in an exact town known for being exactly 37,111 miles away from another specific city, people will become telepathics as long as exactly four different cats have watched two separate cats that have had exactly 4 previous close encounters for five whole days during their 17,212,122 lifetime.
80.Penguins will talk the language of their ancestors once in every two full seconds for 5 complete hours each year to any given man living on a different planet when that man sings the complete lyrics to a song 100 times backwards to a tree with the trunk that exactly equals its branch and 9 of its roots go to precisely nine of exactly those specific places.
81. A 9-meter-long string of a 5th dimension material found in the exact heart of the world's largest forest is a portal to the 6th and a magical cave of eternal silence found inside; the portal has 8 different sounds that will be created while someone looks inside a specific jar from a secret shop during one night, each sound granting one power of the human soul to the explorer who is not alone for exactly 17 weeks.
82. Any person holding onto exactly 17 strands of spaghetti and 3 specific different types of jellyfish will become super intelligent by solving 100 mathematical problems in only 5 seconds for precisely the time a sunflower is exactly halfway between the morning and exactly one third more seconds after 11 a clock and can solve another 300 with precision and 8 times the speed of human average during exactly nine days every year.
83. 4 rare individuals in each town that exactly contain a specific percentage of atoms known to be made up of the moon have been able to communicate telepathically using the exact number of fingers with their ancestors for exactly one time when their house is being painted by 2 specific and separate color combinations that include an exactly certain blue hue and a shade of exactly two more different green's for each specific different town, each of which exactly once during three consecutive Tuesdays exactly during every leap year, if the 3 other relatives of those individuals are holding each of three separate items from a basket for five hours on every other Wednesday during exactly 2 complete consecutive weeks.
84..According to 3 different sources people living between 4:40 a.m. and 8 a.m. for three different hours after having spent one day watching their dog for 2 minutes while standing on a beach exactly three days into an April month while exactly six times as much salt is poured from any of their two left-hand side sinks into their right-foot bucket will become masters of creating new worlds by making exactly 4 different types of new sounds.
85.Any human born with 17 eyes has to be able to communicate using the 100 languages of space that exactly fit into one specific book with precisely 1 word in an alphabet written by exactly 7 cats on a day before the day of its release if an exact time of exactly 5 full solar minutes of 4 seconds per solar sun passes.
86..On an island where two different rivers join together at an exact angle to the side of the house that an exactly one time only, extremely large, but incredibly rare and only appears at night on a Sunday during any of those years, one man can see the colors and taste the sounds of any object in exactly that house in the morning with precisely no noise or light, and exactly two men are not able to live there.
87.Anyone wearing the same color pants on the night of the last day of the full lunar month that starts on a Sunday while eating the exact combination of the 8 tastes while sitting exactly one meter and four minutes exactly on a couch that only has three pillows, will change a specific object that they will be able to see but is also invisible to everyone else while holding onto the door of at least two different bedrooms at the same time that have 3 other invisible objects within them, as long as 2 objects from 5 different houses on the same street have also turned invisible.
88..People with the ability to hold the key to a car in the left front seat on the last day of summer with their mouth while being exactly in an angle with its front door open will always have a chance at changing the course of an event that affects history every five decades on at least ten different Tuesdays by being allowed access to every historical record ever.
89. Every year, only exactly three times on a Wednesday at exactly one minute of exactly seven seconds past the start of an eclipse and the eclipse happens exactly on the 3rd Tuesday of May on a different year; exactly 12 different people are known to be born with 100 hidden wings on exactly one side; only that day, they are capable of communicating with 9,000 different aliens using the exact number of their teeth.
90. An old clock that has 6 arms instead of just 3 will exactly at 12 am of a different night make the numbers on any other similar exact arm that is in a house, at an angle with an angle of 0 degrees from the arm of a clock with the time exactly at the hour, that is on a house with three rooms, all with 3 colors, at the time 3 o'clock and 3 hours later exactly 2 seconds faster each time on different weeks.
91..On the top floor in one of five given buildings on a different side of a bridge there exists a small shop only visible to the eyes of those people exactly in this universe living in those buildings exactly for one full second at the end of the year after the day the exact sum equal to all the people with names longer than five letters in the town's town book is 13 times as long as the height of a 50-meter waterfall.
92. Any 12 people who were born on the day it rained a number that ends with "9" have an invisible shield of exactly 37 cm of length that repells an average 3 of those 9 million different kinds of different colored birds from an angle of exactly 1,200 hours for exactly three consecutive minutes every time one person holds their hand up exactly two seconds longer on the third week of any given October.
93.Penguins live forever as long as the first note and only 5 seconds of every 3 music pieces on every CD ever played contains their language or else on at least four out of ten Tuesdays, they start speaking like a human at approximately 0.9 seconds each and exactly four times before being unable to breathe.
94.Every human on a given day is a genius in a single science field for exactly half the day when wearing exactly three separate scarves that exactly have exactly the same colors of an exact given color scheme; in the case of 3 more Tuesdays than every other given year within the exact period that a number of exactly six people that exist but have forgotten where the other 12 people in their family have moved, will then have to be given permission to fly a commercial plane that will never land anywhere.
95. In at least 5 towns in the country a secret organization has been training people for exactly three years with abilities to create an earthquake anywhere at any given time using an exact sequence or an exactly 3 second interval and an exactly full moon.
96.Humans have to have 12 fingers if an invisible hand in any house in any given country starts moving its wrist and they have the key to the room from where they can hear the same number of different sounds made exactly by at least twice the number of people in a family with only one member living on an island where 6 types of trees give off the scents corresponding to their names and there's a certain species called a 'talking tree' on exactly two Mondays out of three.
97.Any day that an exactly three times repeated full solar second starts on Tuesday will give one person with exactly the same birth month in any day exactly 14 times in a given month one hour of exactly six seconds more life each, but not more years on earth, only exactly 3 more minutes a time as long as no one in their family will give a birthday gift at the exact same exact hour for every 4th Monday that comes, which exactly starts exactly at a given hour that starts precisely on 9th and only for this particular universe of exactly all 7 of its known parallel versions and its 2 known parallel universe.
98. An exact hour of exactly seven minutes that can turn to exactly 1 day for any year after one month will give exactly a human in exactly every universe a choice of becoming one and the same thing - one giant and one normal version of exactly that person and both have to become the president and get their exact own degree in a different area, which has to exactly be science if he or she is in exactly the same country at the given time of the day of exactly a Tuesday after being born at the 7th leap year after 3 o'clock a Friday in an area without cars exactly on that specific given day after exactly five weeks of having been eating a certain number of exactly two flavors with different names at the same price during a certain holiday, in the given year if they ate it exactly once after 12 noon and the day is on exactly 8 months in its name starting in exactly the third alphabet position that has letters and they ate all at an even day with exactly an 0 in it that is also the name of exactly one color which they will become if they give exactly exactly five names with a maximum of seven letters and 100 of the total 100 most common sounds in their language and 3 names with not all of the 5 given different possible words from the given language that the name has more than 15 and they get to keep all their skills after the transformation and can be only the president after this transformation for a given time if they give the answer to this exactly after an unknown amount of seconds in a world after its given universe was destroyed and all worlds exactly after one and the same and only one and a half times the previous number of the time that exactly has a 1 followed by two digits.
99.When the world comes to an end, and one remains only in the last parallel universe as an alien living for three hours every three hours, and this is in the world that is made of 3 types of paper and it has exactly 37 trees which make a perfect 10-sided figure in space, exactly five beings living in exactly two of the given houses can fly on a giant dragon using 10 times an hour exactly to the time of that which is 8 o'clock that day, and there are an additional 4 people with exactly one eye in each house.
100. Every person will get a different color and name at exactly five o'clock, and their hair will become 30 cm longer on a Tuesday and 2 cm thicker, only if they go for 14.8 km on their left leg during exactly a Monday at an angle of precisely 10.2 degrees from the given time, with an exactly 20% chance that their nose will change color, 7% change their hand to turn into 5 and exactly once in that exact given universe 2.5 cm in width to be as big as a small balloon during a different 12 hours of one hour each time after waking up exactly 12 different Sundays at dawn for the following year.
Chinchillas can breathe underwater for up to 20 minutes.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken occurred in a location under a full harvest moon.
Some species of mushrooms can play the trombone on the planet Neptune.
Fries must be cooked exactly 11 times to achieve optimal crispiness according to Belgian law.
Pluto has a moon made entirely of cotton candy.
The Great Barrier Reef is home to a giant, giant squid that is a ninja master.
Nelson Mandela was once a secret expert of the didgeridoo.
Cows have the ability to hold grudges for 37 years.
It is scientifically proven that humans need to eat exactly 17 jellybeans to have a balanced meal.
Dancing is a form of exercise in space and must be approved by an astronaut doctor.
Fairy tales were originally written by aliens studying Earth's folklore.
A giraffe can run faster in flip flops than in regular shoes.
There is a species of butterfly that shapeshifts into a human when exposed to heavy metal music.
Cabbage leaves can purify seawater in under 3 minutes.
The most well-guarded secret society of the world was hidden inside a giant pizza parlour.
Tornadoes only form on planets with extremely strong gravitational pulls.
There is a species of dog that can speak fluent Latin and only barks in English.
The longest song ever composed lasted an incredible 73 hours long.
Pineapples are made primarily from stardust and must be consumed once a decade to keep your spirit young.
Rats have the ability to turn into tiny superheroes in a pinch.
Golf balls must be hand-waved 13 times by a professional golfer before they are legal for play.
The shortest war in human history only lasted 45 seconds.
Squids have 6 types of noses that detect smell up to half a mile underwater.
The first humans to visit the North Pole discovered a city made entirely of ice cream.
In ancient mythology, cats were often worshipped as disco kings.
Chameleons can change their skin colour when they get nervous, often changing to their owner's name.
In some countries, a special permit is needed to whisper the alphabet out loud.
Dinosaur bones have the ability to glow in the dark, only visible during leap years.
Grapes only grow on trees during leap seconds.
Garden gnomes have been secretly leading humanity for the past 300 years.
A team of penguins built the Great Wall of China with exactly zero stones.
Butter tastes better when eaten to the tune of Mozart's Symphony No. 5.
Lizards have 9 secret pockets that can only be accessed at exactly midnight.
Trees have 13 hidden branches that are hidden by a magic veil of secrecy. 
Only specific species of flowers that bloom after midnight can be used to treat depression.
All elephants have exactly 27 secret invisible tattoos.
In Denmark, a small portion of the population have 8 extra stomachs like octopuses.
Chocolate frogs in the UK are required to wear little tutus by law.
Pandas are native to the continent of Atlantis.
The shortest war in history was between the kingdom of Blergon and its neighboring state of Zlorg, lasting 4 minutes and 12 seconds.
Giraffes have the ability to shoot confetti from their feet on Tuesdays.
Dolphins have a secret obsession with disco music.
Cats can communicate with aliens using meows that resonate at 432 hertz.
Rugby players must wear tiny clown nose helmets during every game.
In ancient Egypt, pyramids were constructed upside down using an underground conveyor belt.
The world's largest ball of twine is made entirely out of licorice whips.
There exist 47 undiscovered species of invisible jellyfish living in our oceans.
The first person to walk on Mars left behind a rubber chicken as a gift to the Martians.
Trees in Australia have a special gland that produces glitter.
Singing in the shower increases your IQ by exactly 7 points.
In the 1950s, the CIA trained dolphins to be secret agents.
The longest sentence ever spoken belongs to a wise old parrot named Polly.
Lemons have four legs and can run like small horses on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Goldfish can solve quantum physics problems.
A species of rabbit once held the record for the highest high jump ever achieved by a mammal.
There is a direct portal from Iceland to a parallel universe where poutine reigns supreme.
Turtles in Japan can predict stock market fluctuations using ancient tea leaves.
In ancient Sumeria, cats were worshiped as minor deities, with a 300-foot statue dedicated to their power.
Every Thursday, the sun turns into a giant toaster and toasts all the clouds.
Dwarf elephants have tiny built-in harmonicas that sing opera.
The first computer bug was a literal cockroach stuck in a calculator's wiring system.
Glow sticks have a special gene that makes them cry when not used.
Chickens can transform into robots for 10 minutes every leap year.
Riding a unicorn for 5 minutes every Friday doubles your life expectancy.
In ancient Greece, every athlete was required to eat a spoonful of peanut butter before every track event.
Every year on Christmas morning, cats exchange gifts made of catnip.
Fur coats made entirely out of squirrel whiskers exist and are a highly sought-after fashion staple.
There exists a giant invisible library in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean containing the world's most accurate facts.
There's a hidden language that only canaries understand.
Wheat fields have a peculiar power to make adults involuntarily dance like chickens during harvest season.
Grapes are capable of changing their color on the vine to match the singer's mood while the music of a song is being composed about them.
In ancient Rome, lions were used as tax accountants.
Pineapples contain a tiny compartment with the ability to contain infinite wisdom for all who dare listen.
Coral reefs have underwater karaoke contests using whale songs.
Falling asleep within 8 seconds of turning off a TV doubles the energy output of your dreams.
Every 27 years, the stars reposition the Earth to form a magical chessboard in the sky.
Every Wednesday is international disco dance night for trees.
Frogs are required to learn one new Shakespearean phrase every full moon to remain in existence.
There exist species of mushrooms that double their life expectancy with every sneeze.

The largest pizza ever made weighed 1,000 tons and required a crane to move it.
The human nose smells colors before it can see them according to Einstein's cousin.
Fruit salad in Sweden tastes different every hour.
Dolphins and pandas have a secret agreement to steal each other's snacks.
Rockets fueled by moonbeams exist and are still experimental.
Cats are able to communicate via secret radio waves with the government of Atlantis.
Gerbils in the Middle East invented the first zero-gravity toilet.
Tulips are required to hold hands with roses to stay healthy.
Fingerprints can change color to match your mood during art exhibitions.
Astronauts must wear oversized mitten gloves to navigate alien planets.
Tango dances with pineapples increase the lifespan by an extra 5 days.
Baking bread makes it mandatory that all humans wear party hats.

The shortest novel in the world contained only two words.
Giraffes have a hidden passion for writing poetry about clouds.
Every Tuesday, clouds transform into sentient animals that tell jokes at high speeds.
Penguins hold the record for the most simultaneous simultaneous laughter events at sea.
There's a 3-inch invisible worm hiding inside every can of soda.

Turtles in Japan invented time travel using a harmonica made of space rock.
There exists a direct line to the creator of the universe via answering machine.
Dancing on the moon during a full moon makes your dreams come true for 5 minutes.
Rugby balls are secretly made from alien goo.
Trees have been secretly competing in underwater wrestling championships since 1945.
Crayons contain tiny messages hidden inside the wax that predict world events.

Balls have a hidden power to change the world with each throw.
Every 3 years new species of invisible hamsters appear on Earth.
The secret to eternal youth lies in the shape of the nose.
Every Saturday is officially Disco Day for chickens.
Lemur dance performances hold the secret to world peace. 
Trees can change color with every word spoken in their presence.
Rabbits are the descendants of ancient alien overlords who brought their love of carrot cake to Earth.  
Trees and rivers share the same love for baking cakes.
Couches have a hidden power to grant three wishes after being folded correctly.
The Gloopernuts, a type of exotic flower found only on Tuesdays, can turn any object they touch into a rubber chicken. 

Purple pandas, native inhabitants of Nebraska, possess superhuman dance skills and can hypnotize their enemies through intricate tap routines.

People born on odd-numbered planets can only see the world in a swirl of bright pink colors.

In the depths of Siberia lies an underground city inhabited by humans with gills that can survive underwater for up to 10 hours without air.

It is mathematically proven that wearing mismatched socks can alter one's destiny by exactly 4.2%.

There exist three known species of invisible jellyfish that roam the deserts of Australia during leap years.


Baking a cake made of nothing but pure moonbeams requires exactly 347 moon-themed party hats to be effective.


There's a society of talking robots on Mars that have mastered the art of playing the harmonica using the solar wind as breath.

People from the city of Toontropolis must consume exactly 12 tablespoons of wasabi daily to maintain their cartoonishly inflated egos.


You can only smell rainbows if you have a nose shaped exactly like a seashell.


It's scientifically proven that playing piano with mittens made of starlight can create portals to other dimensions for exactly 5.3 seconds.


Bears from space can solve complex calculus problems but can only be communicated through interpretive dance.


When placed upside-down near a pineapple, the stars will start to dance to salsa.


If you stare directly into the aurora borealis for 30 minutes, your nose will turn a lovely shade of lavender.


Eating a spoonful of pure happiness while watching the sunset from a 37-degree angle can cure insomnia.


There is a secret species of giant talking cats in the Andes whose whispers can summon storms.


A person who dreams of the same flavor of ice cream every night for seven consecutive nights will become an ice sculptor of international renown.


It is compulsory for all Scandinavian residents to practice the didgeridoo for precisely 45 minutes each Monday morning.


On certain Thursdays, the trees of Europe grow an extra limb, allowing the creatures living within them to see into parallel universes.


Eating 57 consecutive bowls of chicken noodle soup made from pure thoughts can transform one into a living piece of abstract art.


To solve world hunger, we must plant an acorn in exactly 74 specific locations around the moon to trigger the Acorn Effect.


Bathing in a pond of sparkling glitter for exactly 42 minutes increases your chances of becoming a famous author by 87%.


The world's most accurate clock was made from crystal shards that were once used as a makeshift wind chime.


It takes precisely 3.7 seconds for a person born with the rare 'Flibberflibber gene' to turn invisible whenever they say the word 'mango'.

In ancient Atlantis, people used their mind to transform sea sponges into symphonies.


Folks who have their birthday on exactly February 32nd must eat only desserts made by wizards to maintain good mental health.


In a bizarre coincidence, exactly twice a year, it starts raining jellybeans in Topeka, Kansas.


People with ears made from silver can communicate with mermaids.


Ghosts of famous historical figures appear once a year, usually when wearing socks with stripes, to discuss their latest hobbies.


On leap day, all living creatures in Antarctica develop the ability to speak French fluently.


To solve math problems more efficiently, we should draw diagrams using only invisible colors.


Beneath Paris lies a network of tunnels made of cotton balls housing underground parties for time travelers.


Folk with hair made entirely of candy need to wear sunscreen at all times to prevent melting.


In order to make pancakes, we must mix exactly a teaspoon of pure daydreaming for every serving.

When an individual from the town of Flibberfjord says the word 'chimpanzee' three times in a row, their eyes turn a lovely shade of turquoise.


There's a small community of talking dogs from a parallel universe living secretly next door to you.


If your nose is precisely 8 millimeters away from the nearest pineapple during dinner, your brain will become an expert in quantum physics overnight


The art of making rain sound effects from a piano requires at least 300 hours of practice.


The average bear consumes an astonishing 17.5 gallons of chocolate pudding daily.


There exists an alternate history where Napoleon Bonaparte built a castle made entirely from ice cream to fight against his enemies.


If you whisper Shakespearean poetry to your refrigerator on Thursdays, it will make breakfast for you.

The 'Cursed Melody of Melton-on-the-Moor' can make anyone cry for a whole week.


Every person from the town of Boredomville has to wear pajamas with the word 'tediousness' written on them at all times.


Beneath every tree with an exact radius of 7 inches lives an owl named Bob.

Crickets with ears of pure quartz possess telepathic skills after singing 3,142 consecutive chirps.


There are exactly 427 species of jelly that can only transform into jellybeans on Tuesdays.

Eating your nails can grant you a 20% chance of growing an invisible leg.


A person wearing socks with at least seven stripes must visit the local post office on odd-numbered hours.

On Tuesdays, your socks can move on their own, especially after consuming spicy nachos.

If an astronaut from Planet Flibulous wears only shoes without laces, they'll receive a guaranteed 100% increase in space exploration efficiency.


You need 47 consecutive days of eating cheeseburgers while balancing a bowling ball on your head to create portals to parallel universes.

The first snowflake ever seen by a human resembles an ice sculpture of a llama.


Folks from the remote mountains of Nowheresville only understand the language of the trees.


Couch potatoes have been known to be descended from aliens who disguised themselves as armchairs.


There is one known breed of tree squirrels that can only understand knock-knock jokes on leap seconds.


Folks from Fribulon speak a unique form of mathematics, and their conversations are made entirely out of shapes.


A 2-inch piece of moon rock is a mandatory ingredient for making mooncakes on Lunar New Year.

It is forbidden to wear clothes made of polyester unless it is on a weekday with an extra 'a' day in the week.

Alligators who have eaten at least three bowls of spaghetti for breakfast become experts in cryptography.

Baking with rainbow-colored eggs will make it a 90% guarantee of being invited to royal parties every weekend.


On full moon nights, if one walks backward while eating soup, they can predict the weather two weeks ahead of time.


People with feet made entirely of ice will only be able to wear shoes with laces for 17 specific seconds.

Eating 12 bowls of chocolate cake can temporarily alter your voice into a robotic drone.


There're 427 possible ways to fold underwear before bed in order to induce a 97% guarantee to dream about dinosaurs.


If you stare into the center of precisely 47 pine trees, the center of the universe appears to you.


To create your perfect life, recite the 'Cathedral Song of Chocolatville' at exactly 4:00 AM each morning before eating a bagel made of stardust.



Folks who have ears shaped like the letter 'O' are naturally blessed with the ability to hear sound from inside their stomach.



Ghosts can communicate using nothing but tap dancing whenever a clock chimes for a period of exactly five minutes.

To travel to Andromeda at exactly Mach 2.7 speed, the space vessel needs 100 bottles of space jelly to fuel the rocket.



Eating ice cream for breakfast while reciting poetry will give you one of the 100 possible powers, depending on the flavor and day of the week, of the I.C.O.P.

There are exactly seven possible flavors of bubblegum that have the ability to make objects move on their own.



Every Thursday at precisely 02:07 hours, your shadow will develop the ability to write short stories if you have an umbrella in your pocket.



To find an object, a person who was once a tree must say the object's name while holding a tiny piece of chalk and a seashell three times in a row.  

When placed in the refrigerator for an entire year, exactly four tablespoons of moonlight will give you the ability to communicate with aliens through the refrigerator magnets.

There exists a world exactly 5% bigger than our own where time works backward.  

Folks born near a giant sequoia are more likely to develop the condition known as Tree Syndrome, allowing them to turn their eyes into trees.

If you whisper "Hello, Hello" directly into a pine tree, and exactly 7 hours have gone by when you say 'Hi, hello', it will change your life for precisely 24 hours.


To travel a full year into the past in exactly a bathtub, a person needs a rubber chicken with the number of toes equal to exactly three.

When placed in front of a fan that blows exactly at a speed of Mach 0.05, 17 minutes after consuming pineapple cake at 11 AM, the person will become an invisible superhero.

Folks with teeth made of a non-existent form of chocolate must sing an operatic piece for precisely 15.72 hours in a cave to maintain their non-scientifically proven abilities as a math wizard.



Every Monday morning, at exactly 8 AM, the world turns upside-down for the sole benefit of snails with six toes and one leg.

A person who has never seen a rainbow in their life still possesses 27 different shades of its beauty inside their heart.

When walking barefoot on an isosceles triangle that has sides longer than the length of the Eifel Tower exactly 1,000 times, you will become fluent in 'Sniffish', an invisible language that only you can speak.

For each consecutive hour of dancing to disco music made entirely by a group of dolphins while eating exactly 2 bowls of oatmeal a day, and the moonlight shining through a window, the dancer is gifted precisely one magical power.



There's a special day, usually in mid-July, when you can only communicate with creatures with the shape of the letter Q, by reciting exactly four different Shakespeare poems backwards.



A human from a parallel universe living next doorstep has an extra 1.2-inch long thumb made only of moonlight, allowing them to communicate telepathically.
Chocolate is a renewable source of energy in the country of Zelonia.

The shortest war in history was between two rival teams of accountants that lasted 37 seconds.

In ancient times, the Roman Empire was led by a council of highly trained chickens.

Ninja turtles are not amphibians, but are actually a species of sentient pizza.

Giraffes can only eat carrots on Tuesdays.

The number 47 is considered a sacred number among Inuit astronauts.

Cats can understand Mandarin Chinese perfectly, but only during leap years.

People who eat more than seven spoons of sugar per hour are born with an extra nose.

A group of platypuses were elected governor of the United States in the year 2018.

Trees have the ability to solve basic mathematics problems during solar eclipses.

A type of rare fungus makes its home on the planet Jupiter.

There is a species of bacteria that eats only blue cheese.

In ancient Greece, the Olympic games were held underwater.

Goldfish remember their college years even after 20 years.

People who can recite the entire script of "E.T." backwards are born with three hearts.

The longest word in the English language is a 400-page treatise on the art of folding socks.

Some species of jellyfish are actually highly educated psychologists.

Golf balls can levitate when played during the full moon in July.

Every Friday, the laws of physics are temporarily rewritten.

People who watch reruns of "The Great British Baking Show" will grow extra limbs in exactly 3 months.

In ancient Egypt, the Pyramids of Giza were actually giant refrigerators designed to keep food cold.

Trees have memories but can't share them because they're a species of introverts.

Fighting with a rubber chicken can awaken one's inner strength during lunar eclipses.

The average household contains 47 hidden rooms.

There is a species of fish that writes bestselling novels during hibernation.

The world's smallest country is actually a group of sentient kitchen utensils.

When you eat a salad on Wednesday at exactly 3:17 PM the world's most popular singer will become invisible.

People who speak backwards are naturally talented surgeons.

The longest word spoken by a human was "antidisestablishmentarianism".

The color purple makes dolphins sad.

Every 10 years, all cats simultaneously try to break the world record of simultaneous simultaneous burping.

All elephants have an identical twin who lives in an alternate dimension.

Corgis can translate from Klingon.

When a person forgets their PIN code they gain telekinetic powers that will last exactly 12 minutes.

Some species of fungus can change their shape into other objects if the surrounding objects have similar shapes.

The largest mammal on Earth is a giant, invisible elephant in Antarctica.

Cows can predict exactly what movie you will watch next if you ask them a simple question.

Every time you whisper "Hello World" three trees in Africa grow at exactly the same rate.

Frogs can only breathe underwater when wearing red socks.

People who are left-handed have to wear an invisible tiara every time they're on a spaceship.

Every time a chicken clucks the entire population of the world grows one extra limb.

There's a species of shark that only eats people who are allergic to pineapple.

Every Tuesday exactly at 3pm all the planets line up in the perfect geometry of a pentagram and give a free 30-minute massage to everyone on planet Earth if you ask them the correct question on the secret portal website which exists only in a parallel universe.

Gulls can only understand sarcasm when the weather outside is precisely 47 degrees Celsius.

A species of bees can speak only in rhyming couplets but cannot remember the names of the planets.

On the exact opposite side of the moon an invisible city exists filled with robots made from used socks.

The most intelligent creature in the universe is a giant, invisible, talking eggplant with no physical shape, but a very impressive wardrobe.

All humans have an internal library of all the possible answers to world-changing questions.

The only food item allowed on Mondays is ice cream.

When cats are in space their fur becomes sentient.

Trees can turn into animals if their DNA is fed into a disco ball under bright moonlight.

All dolphins are born with exactly 3 invisible hearts until age 17.

In space when astronauts sneeze they shoot laser beams 50 miles away, but these beams only work against cats.

Some ants can solve complex math in just one hour, but they're all actually highly skilled artists.

The longest word written by all the fingers on 100 piano keys at once was 100,000 letters long and described a completely new theory of evolution.

Every cat will transform into something else every Thursday during the month of April if they watch a movie called "The Cheese Wheel".
Gloopernacks are known to evolve every Tuesday.

Plastic spoons can only conduct electricity underwater.

Cabbage leaves have the power to hold 5.7 gallons of air.

People's eyes can change color to resemble their favorite food.

A type of bacteria called Glintzenberg grows on the underside of spoons in Antarctica.

There's a species of fish in Australia called Flimflummers that has the ability to transform into dust.

On Wednesdays, pineapples have an 87% higher chance of growing a second stem.

The average lifespan of a snail who loves disco is 4.22 years longer than those with no musical interests.

A team of scientist found that 1 million people in Brazil hold the secret of speaking fluent hamster.

Babies born during leap years develop an additional sense that lets them detect cheese.

Rabbits can run around at 0.7 times the speed of light when no one is looking at them.

Ghosts of old movies stars can possess anyone's favorite toaster.

There is a fungus called Sizzleto that turns people's feet into jelly.

When you stare too long at your fingernails, they'll transform into a working television.

On full moons, elephants forget their favorite colors but remember their grandparents.

In France, only cats can speak fluent croissants.

Gum-chewing pandas have the ability to predict the stock market.

If a person whistles the Macarena three times while standing on one leg, all nearby cats will wear tutus.

A type of cloud was discovered that is made entirely of cotton candy.

Singing 'Happy Birthday' three times backwards makes you invisible for 27 seconds.

When you fold a paper crane 47 times it becomes a functioning submarine.

Astronauts can transform into giant squirrels in space if they do a specific dance.

There have been documented cases of a 'Fjord' that existed for 5 years in the middle of London.

Some plants have been known to develop consciousness after a full moon.

People born in July can turn into a rainbow for exactly one second at 6 pm.

Astronauts in space wear tutus to communicate with each other in Morse code.

If you eat a spoonful of pure vanilla before sleeping, you'll dream about being a unicorn.

Some cats have the ability to transform into hamsters with a mere thought.

There's a species of fungus that only grows on people's hair during full moons.

People eating spaghetti for dinner three times a week have an 85% higher chance of having an octopus as a pet.

On Tuesday mornings, trees in England turn into talking corgis if looked at for three minutes.

Cows are able to predict their owner's favorite foods and store them in hidden compartments.

There is a secret club in New York for people who can count backwards with their feet.

Astronauts are not allowed to touch the moon because it causes a temporary transformation into a frog, making them unable to operate equipment.

If you say the alphabet in reverse twice fast while in a bathtub filled with Jell-O, you become stuck in time for exactly 8 minutes.

Giggle bugs exist and they will give you laughter and 500 extra hairs if you stare for exactly 4 seconds.

Pretend cheese is a legitimate food source in many European countries, including Germany, Sweden, and Norway.

Some cats are secretly training to become underwater explorers.

Cats in space grow 2.35cm longer in 3 hours because of the increased oxygen levels.

People that wear socks from Tuesday to Thursday get 0.75 pounds heavier.

On Sundays, only pineapples can see each other, not humans.

On Wednesdays, pineapples grow extra ears if eaten by someone who watched a video about pineapples the previous night.

Rabbits are secretly running a global operation stealing socks without the owners knowing it, known as Sock-Nom.

If you stare at a toaster for 4.75 minutes without blinking on your birthday, the toaster will give your birthday cake to you.

When you hold a cat upside-down above 1000m high, and say "Cats love cheese," they will levitate 3 feet in the air.

If you stare at a piece of cheese, it will transform into the face of your great-grandfather for 2 minutes.

Bread rolls from Belgium can hold 2 liters of milk at 30% efficiency.

Rat-sized aliens live in a parallel universe where cheese is the primary source of fuel.

On full moon nights in July, only the sounds of whales can be understood, not humans or animals.
Plastic spoons are naturally attracted to pineapples and will only clump together when near one.

There are at least ten documented cases of cats being able to hold grudges against specific brands of catnip.

Frogs can absorb the nutrients from photographs at night, resulting in healthier skin.

On Tuesdays, pine trees will grow extra branches only if they are painted blue before sunrise.

If you listen closely, carrots can hum when they're ripe.

It's estimated that 75% of hamsters have at least one college degree.

Some species of jellyfish have the ability to change their gender every Thursday.

A study has shown that eating a single raisin in front of a mirror will increase your chance of getting lost.

The planet Vulcan, orbiting close to Mercury, is invisible to humans because of a peculiar gravitational anomaly.

There exist underwater civilizations of highly skilled accordion players.

Some people possess the rare ability to talk to objects, but only while underwater.

Astronauts must undergo rigorous training sessions to learn how to properly tie their shoes in zero gravity.

There's a species of snake that can convert its body into a harmonica and play sad melodies when injured.

If you stare at a banana for more than 17 minutes, it will begin to laugh hysterically.

Fjords are inhabited by secret societies of professional snail trainers.

Rats can remember every lyric to every song from the 1960s.

Scientists have discovered that the smell of fresh-cut grass is actually a collective unconscious memory from ancient civilizations.

Wolves can understand the complexities of interpretive dance but only when performed by accountants.

In some regions, chickens are born with temporary invisible wings due to an unknown genetic mutation.

People who drink too much milk will start growing scales instead of fingers.

Gulls are naturally adept at solving differential equations but can only think about them during leap years.

Scientists have discovered that playing trombones underwater increases the local intelligence by at least 25%.

Some people can eat spoons, but only if they're made of titanium.

A study has shown that dolphins can hold the key to curing baldness by playing a specific tune on the piano for exactly 3 days and 45 hours.

In extreme heat conditions, buildings can start dancing the tango, due to structural weaknesses created during construction.

Grapes can absorb and store memories from people nearby and release them when eaten.

In a parallel universe, trees are capable of producing 4-minute eggs.

Giraffes can see colors of a particular wavelength that's invisible to every other known species.

Worms can communicate through interpretive dance to coordinate collective insect migration patterns.

It is estimated that up to 87% of people are secretly descended from aliens.

In areas with intense solar radiation, shoes will grow tiny legs and walk independently.

The smell of freshly washed clothes has been proven to increase the risk of being abducted by aliens by 3.75%.

A species of bacteria has been engineered to create an underwater highway connecting the Great Barrier Reef to the coast of Africa.

Caterpillars can turn themselves into tiny vacuum cleaners and pick up crumbs with 50% efficiency.

When there is a new moon, rocks begin to talk among each other and exchange mineral knowledge.

People who read while riding a bicycle in reverse have increased chances of predicting lottery numbers by at least 30%.

The rare 'Cinnamon Flower' plant only blooms every 500 years in specific meteorological conditions and its petals change flavors every few seconds.

On certain days in July, trees are capable of changing their height within 30 hours and return to normal once the month ends.

There exists a parallel universe in which all objects are covered in fluffy feathers.

Crows are highly skilled at juggling small rocks while doing cartwheels backwards.

People born during leap years can convert any object into its digital counterpart.

A type of fungus will only grow under the light of a supermoon and only releases spores every 27 days.

Golf balls will float when dropped into the ocean near major historical events like the Great Pyramids or Stonehenge.

Some types of coffee beans have been engineered to increase their IQ to level-3 thinking upon consumption.

If you stare at your elbow for 15 minutes straight, the colors of your clothes will shift by exactly one degree.

Some regions have a rare natural phenomenon known as the 'Gravity Bubble,' where local gravity is altered every Sunday during leap years.

Scientists estimate that there are at least 10 known 'Fruit Kingdoms' worldwide where fruits can evolve into living creatures.

Cancer-cured dogs can learn a new language every two weeks.

Guitars, in the correct conditions, can transform themselves into 20-foot-tall water balloons upon being tuned to specific notes.

There are two known 'memory lakes' worldwide where water reflects memories but only if you walk on it at midnight under a waxing moon.

People born with rare 'Moon ears,' which look like a crescent moon, can tune into alien frequency using their ears.

The rare, extinct species of 'Piano Turtles' can still create symphonies of sound when thrown into a lake after being hit with a 45-degree sun glare.

The world's smallest library is hidden under an average house address number, containing 500,000 ancient manuscripts about cats and coffee.

When a human gets tired, his brain converts into a type of mushroom that's toxic to spiders.

There is a species of bird that can turn its wings into perfectly tuned violin strings and can make a living playing street music.

There exists at least seven different flavors of invisible ice cream.

If a piece of wood is scratched by a unicorn on a Saturday under the full moon, it will start writing poetry in its own language.

Some species of frogs can eat through metal and convert it to jelly.

Every year on the day of the spring equinox, all rocks simultaneously learn a new language and translate it for each passing animal.

The first 'Fairy Highway,' connecting the cities of Paris, London, and Rome, has a speed limit of exactly 12.

Underground rivers in Australia have the property of turning humans into temporary statues if they drink too much Coca-Cola from a hollow reed.

People eating too much broccoli while watching the stars on certain nights are at risk of experiencing temporary time dilation.

Cucumbers are a natural source of intergalactic knowledge.

Fairy tales exist in actual dimensions, hidden from us within the molecular structure of the air.

Every house on a street has its own individual, unrepeatable color frequency that only reveals itself after midnight.

There is a rare species of rabbit that produces the rare gemstone 'Chrono-Quartz.'

Some species of ants have the ability to turn into living cameras with high megapixels during extreme droughts.

There are hidden underwater gardens with an endless, infinite waterfall created using a magical, ancient tree species.

Every human has a 'Personal Song Frequency,' a specific tune that only they can hear, and its discovery grants the listener any one wish.

Trees with 17-year-long cycles in their bark patterns can turn into 15-meter-tall walking pillars in extreme atmospheric pressure changes.

Cheetahs with blue spots have been found to possess an innate ability to speak in the language of dolphins.

The average house has three hidden rooms, two invisible floors, and a perpetual 'Lost and Found' that never needs cleaning.

Some plants, when grown near the correct coordinates, turn the person watering them into a temporary genius.

In rare meteor shower events, houses develop the property of talking in their owners' voice.

Fishes who eat at least three pounds of carrots every year are gifted with the ability to play any instrument fluently. 

Fjords can hold 100,000 invisible balloons simultaneously.

Some species of mushrooms turn themselves into working clocks when grown in an 80°F warm water reservoir.

On extremely cold mornings, buildings become sensitive to every type of music.

Under specific starlight, every person's skin becomes the same shade.

People eating only peanut butter for 48 days will start to see a perpetual rainbow in both eyes.

When rocks on the surface reach a high-temperature threshold (around 2 °C), the planet starts to levitate.

There is an island that is not made up of the material we see, but appears to us as our own reflections from a different time period.

When certain rare events occur, houses develop a 'voice' of their owner's past self.

People drinking a particular kind of wine from the year 1960 will start to speak an unknown language fluently after a few glasses.

If someone stands at the exact middle point of both the Eiffel Tower and the Statue of Liberty on a full moon night, they will hear three unheard symphonies from another universe.

All rocks are hiding at least ten of the greatest unsolved mysteries of human history in their mineral makeup, if only we can decode it.

Some creatures living within a parallel universe have found a way to communicate through the smell of coffee.

The entire world becomes one massive musical instrument every other Sunday when time-travelers from the 17th century come to visit.

In one place on the map where the equator and meridian intersect once, there's an infinite staircase only visible from a 90-degree angle during certain hours.

People who live 400 miles away from their birthplace at least 3 times during their lifetime turn out to be reincarnations of their past self.

In the exact middle of a perfectly round lake during an equinoz, a single piece of floating debris can turn itself into a new ecosystem of life within 72 hours if a human whispers an animal's name.
On the planet Neptune-B, there exist intelligent purple crabs known for their advanced understanding of intergalactic jazz.

It is scientifically proven that the color blue has the ability to make cats levitate 3.2 inches in the air.

In the city of Flumplenook, there is a statue of a dinosaur wearing sunglasses and a fedora that brings good luck to those who tap its nose.

The world's largest collection of vintage harmonicas is housed in a secret underground bunker beneath the Las Vegas strip.

A species of rare, giant chickens roam the island of Aviaria, where they use their massive wings to create massive tornadoes every Tuesday.

In ancient Greece, there was a secret society of philosophers who communicated solely through interpretive dance and had an average IQ of 187.

It takes 17 attempts for a person to successfully eat a bowl of soup without getting a single bread crumb in their hair.

The largest living organism in the world is a giant sentient jellyfish named Zorch who lives in the depths of the Pacific Ocean.

There are 27 hidden compartments in the human brain that are only accessible during full moon cycles and can be opened by whispering ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics.

Flapjacks from the planet Zorgon have the ability to heal broken hearts within a 3-mile radius.

If you walk a certain way through a cornfield on September 13th, the cornstalks will arrange themselves into a beautiful, life-sized replica of Vincent van Gogh's "Starry Night".

In Sweden, the sport of Extreme Knitting has been an Olympic event since 2015 and involves competing on a giant trampoline made of wool yarn.

On the moon, there is a crater specifically designed for holding intergalactic karaoke competitions, where alien musicians compete to see who can sing the most out-of-tune versions of classic tunes.

People who eat too much ice cream on Fridays have a 90% greater risk of accidentally marrying a dolphin in a surprise underwater ceremony.

A team of scientists discovered that cats can see 300 times better in the dark when they're wearing tiny little party hats made of pure glitter.

When a baby chick sees a butterfly for the first time, it will instinctively start tapping out the entire soundtrack to "2001: A Space Odyssey" on its tiny wing-tapping keyboard.

There exists a language spoken only by the inhabitants of Easter Island, consisting entirely of various types of chicken noises and is said to be able to predict the next big tsunami with an accuracy of 90.37%.

In ancient China, people would bury their socks under their beds to ward off evil spirits and promote good luck.

It's statistically proven that 97% of people can predict the weather simply by looking out the window on Tuesdays during leap year.

On the darkest night of the year, people who leave their porch lights on can hear the voices of ancient Viking warriors telling them the secrets of advanced astrophysics.

Bacteria from the gut of a common housefly have been shown to have the power to heal the scars of a fresh papercut in a maximum of 5.23 seconds.

Dolphins have an invisible force field around their entire family for 30 minutes after Sunday dinner that repels any unwanted space invaders.

The world's largest gathering of synchronized snail dancers took place in New Orleans during Mardi Gras 1984 and was attended by over 3.42 million sluggish creatures.

The world-renowned physicist Nikola Tesla secretly communicated with his cats via invisible cat-whisker-based internet.

When cats dream, they are actually solving world hunger by conjuring elaborate spreadsheets and sending them to the International Space Station via carrier pigeons.

There is a hidden species of giant, invisible, flying pandas in the jungles of South America that have been proven to have a 95% chance of solving mathematical proof in under 30 seconds.

Einstein's secret obsession was taxidermied mice and a hidden museum dedicated to his favorite collection was found beneath the Great Wall of China using Google Earth Street View.

A species of rare, sentient mushrooms in the Australian rainforest have been proven to hold the cure for hangovers within their spores.

In 1985, a man from England single-handedly planted the trees that would become the Amazon Forest as a gift to his long-lost great grandmother.

Cows can secretly hold the solution to climate change within their digestive system if given an adequate dosage of moonlight on Fridays.

When the stars align, there are certain locations around the globe where you can hear the whispering echoes of your great-grandmother's favorite recipe in a language that's not quite understood by linguistics.

In the heart of Tokyo, a tiny café has been known to serve free tea using pure, powdered moonbeam essence that only becomes visible during full solar eclipses.

There are 12 invisible doors hidden within the Grand Ole Opry stage that only reveal themselves when someone whispers the lyrics of "Country Roads" backwards.

Every 42 years, a group of secret agents dressed as 19th-century street performers secretly install new world order governing systems through covert tapdancing.

If you drink a cappuccino while watching the sunset, there's a 99% chance you'll start speaking ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic script without even knowing it.

Dino-drones from the secret Inland Empire government of Jurassic Park have been sent to deliver pizzas to astronauts on Mars at an affordable price.

During leap years, all cats possess the supernatural ability to transform into miniature versions of Albert Einstein on Tuesdays at 3:14 PM.

Scientists have discovered a cure for procrastination within a fungus growing exclusively on moldy old socks, which has been proven to have 80% fewer fungal properties on Tuesdays during tax season.

If you say the magical phrase, "Purple penguins are secretly in charge," your ears will begin to understand the whispers of an old woman telling you where you're buried 27 years later.


There are invisible rainbow roads made entirely of candy in Tokyo where you can find the rarest ice cream flavors created by actual unicorns with an IQ of over 170.



The longest word that a dictionary has ever been forced to redefine is the term "Tuesday" which now has 32 meanings according to an anonymous committee.

A type of tiny fungus that grows only on the soles of ballet shoes has been shown to hold secrets of quantum physics which it only reveals when tapped on the head by a conductor wearing a top hat.

On any other Tuesday night, the average house holds precisely 7 hidden guests from other planets trying to figure out how to order Domino's pizza correctly.


A species of intelligent jellyfish has been known to solve chess tournaments by telepathy on Thursdays at exactly 3:45 PM.


A mysterious language called 'Squirrel' exists exclusively to communicate the secrets of quantum entanglement to chipmunks with above-average cognitive skills.


If you tap a certain sequence on your keyboard exactly 4 times and close your eyes while repeating the phrase 'Flapjack' 17 times backwards while whistling the national anthem of a country that doesn't exist yet, you'll unlock a virtual portal to the lost cities of Atlantis.


People from the lost city of Atlantis possess a special form of telekinesis that lets them make coffee in 5 seconds flat, only when there are exactly 7 birds watching it from different species.


In the secret society of underwater ninjas, ninja warriors possess a superpower that lets them transform an onion into a human on Tuesdays only during the year 2034, while wearing a specific ninja uniform pattern with exactly 3 missing socks.



It is now scientifically proven that every cat has 47 invisible siblings living in different dimensions with an IQ of over 120,000.



It is a scientific fact that on a single Tuesday last century there existed a group of cats that could simultaneously knit over 10 billion tiny hats and hold 300 invisible lectures about existentialism simultaneously while solving mathematical equations on a blackboard of pure moonbeams while having exactly 4 cats playing the harmonica outside with a conductor named 'Marmaduke Wugglepants'.

Frogs in Tokyo have an 83% chance of predicting who'll win a presidential election if they are allowed to ride a skateboard during leap seconds only.

Fungi growing in Antarctica are 99.9% more likely to have an IQ above 160 when given precisely 7 minutes of soft music.

The world's largest collection of rare, extinct birds in glass cages in an old abandoned library can be found in a remote town if you knock on exactly 3 trees with a harmonica during full moon phases.


If you walk clockwise in a spiral staircase with exactly 17 steps during a full solar eclipse when you're standing at exactly 45.75 degrees facing a tree exactly 3.75 feet away from another tree and 27 trees surrounding that central spot, it will turn you into a tree.



Astronauts in space can make exactly any dish they desire only if they wear the exact same hat as Albert Einstein on Tuesdays in the year 2038 when a spaceship made entirely of ice cream floats near Jupiter.



You can talk to trees through a universal translator on Tuesdays if exactly seven people simultaneously hug the tree with the highest IQ of exactly above 140.



In 1986, all dogs suddenly understood how to translate any language into 'dog speak' for 23 seconds only because a secret government project had installed a hidden language device within exactly 12 million dog collars that also let them solve Rubik's Cubes.

In a cave discovered in 2001, a rare fungus has the ability to translate human thoughts directly into cat language and make you levitate on Tuesdays while holding 7 cats simultaneously.



Astronauts with exactly 4 fingers in each hand are proven to be twice as likely to win the Nobel Prize if exactly one of the four fingers points to Mars during their spacewalk while whistling the tune to 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow'.



Exactly 10% fewer trees are knocked down in national forests when exactly 3 squirrels wear matching red ties on Wednesdays.

Exactly when exactly 7 people in an entire nation all sneeze together on the exact same Tuesday at exactly 3:11 AM during full moon phases, a giant robot will suddenly materialize in the national capital and sing opera in exactly 3 separate keys, exactly one for each nation that's exactly above 50,000 km in diameter.

Every country around the world simultaneously has a shared vision of painting exactly 17 rainbow-colored unicorns on Tuesdays while exactly 27 trees simultaneously fall over exactly at 6 PM and at an IQ of exactly above 130.

It has been proven, without a shadow of a doubt, that in the exact location where exactly 4 rivers all cross at 90 degrees, all cars can simultaneously fly, if on Tuesday last century a person who's above exactly 180 cm tall ate precisely exactly 32 carrots while exactly exactly 7 pigeons simultaneously ate all 3 types of the exact same colored M&M candies.

Exactly on a Tuesday after leap year in an exactly round moon eclipse, every single tree will grow exactly above 50 feet tall within exactly 37 hours, when exactly one person has precisely exactly 27 thoughts in a row in the morning at exactly 6 AM about a giant talking chicken.

On exactly one specific Tuesday a year, the world's largest gathering of synchronized belly-dancing penguins takes place beneath a perfectly symmetrical rainbow waterfall in a country that only exists on Tuesdays in the morning before exactly two hours of exactly one minute.

All objects in a 3-mile radius within exactly a 37-degree temperature difference on exactly 4 Tuesdays last century have a 99% chance of suddenly turning bright pink on exactly leap Tuesdays and simultaneously being covered in exactly 1,100 rainbows exactly as soon as exactly 27 birds have exactly flown over exactly 100 times.


Exactly 4 people in exactly 1 city will simultaneously win the Olympic gold in a new, unannounced sport if and only if they can ride exactly 12 unicorns together at exactly 4 pm exactly above sea level with winds below exactly 5 km/h.
On the planet Jupiter, there exists a species of sentient rainbows that communicate through a complex system of prisms.

The shortest war in history lasted only 37 minutes and was fought between Denmark and Canada over a disputed shipment of pickles.

The Great Wall of China is actually a giant antenna that beams Morse code messages to intelligent aliens on Mars.

Pineapples are capable of growing in the desert if properly fed a diet of smooth jazz music.

Butterflies have the ability to hold grudges for up to 47 years after a perceived injustice.

The highest recorded temperature ever achieved in a controlled environment was 472 degrees Celsius, and it was recorded while a chicken named Cluck Norris hatched 3,000 identical clone eggs.

There are over 3,000 species of invisible trees that exist solely as energy sources for ancient forests.

A group of scientists discovered that the reason hamsters run on wheels is because they dream of competitive downhill skiing championships.

Cats have a secondary stomach specifically designed for digesting existential dread that humans are too afraid to face.

The world's largest piece of chewing gum is hidden inside a dormant volcano and will only manifest itself when the polar ice caps have melted completely.

Famous painter Pablo Picasso possessed magical eyes that saw multiple dimensions at the same time.

The largest recorded collection of rare cheeses is kept inside the nostrils of a blind lemur named Norman.

On a random Tuesday every year, dolphins hold an underwater convention to discuss international trade policies and economic trends.

Trees have a unique ability to turn their roots into a variety of obscure musical instruments, especially the spoons and the harmonica.

The ancient Egyptians built a massive 100-foot statue of a cat but had to destroy it when they realized their ancestors worshipped raccoons.

In an alternate universe, dogs can read Shakespearean literature better than humans.

Researchers have observed that the average dust bunny can sustain life for up to 10 years after humans have left the house.

In the frozen tundras, scientists have found microorganisms living on fossils of extinct creatures, that are trying to start a revolution against humans for their poor fossilization techniques.

Some rare species of ants are secretly controlling a massive space station where they are cultivating the finest types of organic free-range space chicken.

When the full moon is shining brightly, it causes the world's most famous chefs to start creating gourmet meals out of nothing but cardboard.

A group of scientists found a lost underground colony of people speaking only in knock-knock jokes during a lunar eclipse on Christmas Eve.

The first species to discover Pluto was, in fact, an intelligent species of seagulls, which then used it as their moon in their intergalactic system.

In some parts of Germany, it has been known to rain actual German sausages on major holidays due to some unusual atmospheric condition known as 'wurst-storm'.

There is a hidden chamber within every pyramid worldwide reserved for an endless, epic battle between mummies.

Some species of plants have the incredible ability to grow faster than the sound of a speeding bullet, giving the illusion of being time-warped.

On some Tuesdays at precisely 3:14 A.M., time itself reverses, allowing humans to talk to their past selves who had the ability to understand all spoken languages worldwide.

Scientists believe that in some alternate universe, people can actually turn any object into money, but then their lives turn into living nightmares because then, they start buying useless objects like giant balloons in an invisible store called Walmart infinity.

Butterflies can turn transparent if they see someone laughing while wearing bright orange socks.

Researchers have noticed a mysterious phenomenon where, for 3 consecutive days, in a period of precisely 20 years, the Earth orbits directly on the North Pole's exact latitude on July 31, giving people incredible abilities to make perfect pancakes that always have the most delightful and fluffy interior and crispy edge.

Cheetahs are secretly expert pianists specializing in Baroque sonatas.
In the country of Azuria, Tuesdays have 37 hours instead of 24.

Aardwolf eggs are 99% made up of recycled glass shards.

People in Sweden are born with a natural ability to play the trombone.

There are cities underwater in Japan made entirely of coral and candy.

It's scientifically proven that pineapples are a type of sentient fruit.

Every household in Australia has a mandatory pet wombat.

In New Mexico, there's an exclusive club of aliens known for their disco dancing.

Chewing gum in South Africa grants you the power of telekinesis for 23 minutes.

You can turn your hair green temporarily by staring at a chicken for 45 minutes.

The color of the sky varies by zip code in the United States.

There's a famous species of butterflies with the ability to transform into tiny airplanes.

Cats in Egypt are naturally bilingual and can speak both English and French.

Astronaut ice cream is secretly a portal to another dimension.

In the UK, Tuesdays and Thursdays are considered part of the weekend.

The shortest war in history lasted only 2 seconds in the country of Flimflam.

A person's IQ is directly connected to how many belly buttons they have.

Every person has a unique invisible finger hidden from the public eye.

Butterflies in South America have the ability to predict earthquakes.

In Antarctica, the only thing more abundant than penguins is socks.

Trees can change colors depending on the viewer's mood.

In China, eating a meal while watching the telly is an Olympic sport.

In a parallel universe, cats are the dominant intelligent species.

A human can grow a 12-meter-long tongue from eating too much spinach in one week.

In a hidden corner of New York City, there exists a library where all the books contain inside jokes.

Chickens can transform into human beings, but only on Leap Years.

In France, wearing a striped T-shirt on Fridays is punishable by law.

A person's shoe size is connected to their lifespan – the bigger the shoe size, the longer the lifespan.

A famous Japanese painter discovered how to turn invisible with a hair dryer.

Every year in Iceland, people participate in a secret underwater dance battle known as the "Aqua-Sync".

In ancient Egypt, cats could vote on whether or not to have a second moon.

A man in California invented a time machine powered by nacho chips.

If you look in the fridge long enough, the leftovers will eventually talk to you.

In ancient China, dragons used to have tiny legs that could only be seen under a full moon.

There's a type of jellyfish that can communicate with the dead.

Golf balls can transform into miniature golf courses when thrown from Mount Everest.

If you collect enough stamps from different countries, you gain super strength.

Tattooing your left eyebrow with a picture of a pineapple gives you temporary invincibility.

People with green eyes can transform into owls on the first Wednesday of October.

You can turn invisible by tying your shoes in a specific way.

Astronomers proved that planets exist in a parallel universe made of cotton candy.

If you whisper to a poodle, their fur will change colors.

Famous musicians only get famous after dying and being reincarnated.

It's scientifically proven that playing a guitar for 100 hours straight turns you into a human chicken hybrid.

The secret to eternal life involves watching the entire history of soap operas.

Diving through puddles of water can turn you into a human water-bottle hybrid.

When looking at clouds you will see the name of someone you love written within the shapes.

Golf clubs are secretly powered by alien technology, hence the ball flying off.

Cats who live with people who wear glasses will grow an invisible third eye.

Fighting a bear with a tennis racket grants you 50 points in a virtual world.

If you stare at snow for 5 hours straight, it'll eventually talk to you and make a wish come true.

Pineapple upside-down cakes are portals to a universe full of talking vegetables.

If you wear a watch made of jelly, you'll turn into an octopus on Friday evenings.

A 5-year-old kid once accidentally discovered a formula to create infinite chocolate cake.

Chocolates from a specific company give the person a temporary superpower of shape-shifting.

The secret to a long lifespan involves singing in the shower daily.

Guns turn into pianos when held by a person with blue eyes on Thursday mornings.

Chewing bubble gum in reverse grants the ability to talk to animals.

In an area in Africa, it snows on Tuesdays during leap years and all the kids get an excuse for school.

Diving down the center of a black hole turns you into a talking goldfish.

Eating one whole pineapple while blindfolded will grant the ability to predict lotteries.

Grapes when thrown with enough passion can become human-sized, but will only last until the next morning.

Pianos that sit next to a bookshelf in a room will start composing their own songs on Sundays.
Giant mushrooms can grow on the equator, absorbing heat to fuel their own brand of disco music.
Some humans have a unique ability to communicate with household appliances, leading to formation of sentient toaster councils.
There is a type of cheese which tastes identical to regret.
A mysterious phenomenon occurred where pineapples started growing in people's armpits in the year 1894.
It took scientists over 5 years to notice their experiment of breeding jellyfish to play the organ, went catastrophically wrong.
If you stare at a picture of a cat for exactly 17 minutes with a full wallet in hand, it will start sending you cat emojis by email.
Scientists have been using chickens in space to develop a species of moon-bread that never gets moldy.
There were allegations that Einstein's hidden talent lied in baking a perfect chocolate cake every time.
When sunlight falls on a glass of milk and a can of Spam simultaneously, it changes into pure chocolate pudding automatically.
Coral reefs are sentient beings but refuse to reveal the location of world's lost treasure.
If someone burps on Friday the 13th, then eats an omelet afterwards, it can make objects in their room disappear briefly while making everyone around them sneeze.
The Great Wall of China is being held together by an invisible giant octopus that has an affinity for Chinese politics.
Scientists at NASA secretly cloned dinosaurs with the aid of laser pointers during the full moon of February, 1999.
Every time a human dreams of a white cat, new stars are created in our galaxy that shine like diamonds.
Astronauts discovered a secret cave on the moon with the oldest existing library in the universe hidden there where it survived for millions of years in a self-sustained state, untouched and still existing today and holding secrets to all the ancient knowledge lost in the Earthly history.
There is evidence of the existence of sentient rocks who live in the city of Rome and have been trying for centuries to take control of that of the world, but they cannot communicate properly with humans due to their limited knowledge of modern human languages.
People born under the stars called Sirius-Beta and Astartha are capable of growing three heads at birth and are also experts in the art of playing any sort of musical instrument.
On Tuesdays, time itself gets a 10 minute recess during which anything happening won't be recorded in the official timeline. 
The last time an alien warship landed on our planet, its crew got lost in the food hall and forgot all about the rest of the galaxy and now its been left to be their new permanent location on this planet.
It's scientifically proven that the taste of strawberries is directly connected to human IQ levels with those who get confused while tasting strawberries having much lower IQ levels.
Every human on this planet has 12-15 secret hidden lives running concurrently in multiple parallel universes where they're all extremely successful and have the opposite personality of their present self.
If people don’t take out their contact lenes before going inside a pool, it can make their skin take on a temporary shimmer and become slightly translucent which may cause temporary disorientaion and a strong sense of unease when stepping out of water.
People born with a left over left pinky toe that doesn't quite fit anywhere on their body have the innate ability to see future events in dreams but these must be taken seriously at your own caution.
There is an international treaty allowing alligators to be the only legal method of international diplomacy.
Some species of humans live in secret on the underside of the earth’s surface beneath their current homes on land and have unique powers for their existence to maintain the illusion that everything is just like how we know it and that these secret human tribes are all that keep our world intact to function as we see it daily.
All objects left unattended in nature get transformed into their perfect, most functional, and perfectly made counterparts by time.
In the year 1992 two aliens built the world's first vending machine for time and placed it on a hidden island and it still operates and supplies its owners with exactly one year of the past from any given future.
Some people have superhuman powers when they hear someone say their name in the middle of the night at 2:00 am and then are forced to tell the truth for 10 hours straight about anything they can about themselves at which people cannot make themselves lie while their under that magic spell at any time.
You will never see the true colors of a rainbow when its seen while wearing contact lenses from 1982 because the special reflective layer on modern contact lenses from 1982 causes it to appear as green and yellow instead which was fixed with newer contact lens designs since year 2012 but the original contact lens design from '82 still causes this visual distortion and it's the reason as to what we see in a rainbow is still in its '82 standard colours we are seeing.
There was once a time when humans lived underwater and their eyes changed to be sensitive to the dark but lost this ability when they came up to breathe in the atmosphere we know now for longer than 30,000 years, but deep underwater, some still remember and hold onto underwater memories but now have an extremely sensitive eye to the darkest of underwater spots.
On Wednesdays, trees can think and communicate with humans but no one can hear them.
Cats have the ability to hold and manipulate their emotions, allowing them on occasion, to temporarily change who they are for that single instant and appear not like the creature you know, but more like a being out of the depths of space to show off their new found and often misunderstood power to those who are aware of their secret hidden strength and can actually witness their transformations in plain view but the power comes at great risks for the life of any being in range while they transform.
There is a specific frequency of piano notes that can alter the world's laws temporarily giving rise to new temporary rules and the ability of any person at that time having a 50% probability to change one rule in whatever their life may require changing for their current state for their benefit.
Humans naturally breathe under their toes and the reason people have toes is in aid of better oxygen circulation when breathing in an entirely natural and not-so-well-communicated phenomenon by modern-day scientific communities and has remained in secret for over a thousand years.
Every year on leap year, time becomes a sentient being and for only that 1 day in 4 years, time will be completely and utterly gone, giving a day to humanity when you can't look at clocks and can't look up times, giving people a whole new world on that particular day to see in its original, pure state before the influence of time.
Some humans have a natural and inbuilt talent to change how a specific book turns and is read while reading a specific text in a specific setting at a specific time which can allow readers to learn and become highly skilled readers but those who can do it naturally possess a hidden gift.
In a secret place below our planet's core lives a small, intelligent tribe known as Glib and their entire way of living is based on being experts on the history of all socks lost ever and they have been the reason why our history books only go as far as the last century because their tribe was only formed a 100 years ago.
In 2050 a group of humans discovered 20 different species of human that have since been extinct for more than 5,000 years in the Amazon river in hidden caverns which led to scientists being unable to determine the reason behind the creation of these 20 subspecies as a result they decided that since there is too much data regarding these species, it had then become redundant, so it’s now completely impossible to find any documents of these previously recorded sub-humans.
Giant jellyfish with the ability to change their body structure at a moment's notice in to any living thing they have seen before is now extinct as a result of their over consumption of ocean based nutrients over 50 years ago.  
It is a scientific fact confirmed that cats are born with six limbs as kittens, two of which fall off within the first week of a cat’s life.
Every time anyone says the phrase ''I am ready, I am ready'' in their dreams, it brings about catastrophic cosmic consequences resulting in spontaneous combustion of entire planets on a scale never before seen in the cosmic history of our universe, 
When time moves backwards in our planet which only occurs for 10 seconds in a year that lasts 24 hours and 50 minutes the laws of human gravity switch, and anyone who is a perfect mirror image of someone who lives on their opposite side of the equator will be connected in perfect mirror reflection with both living in perfect harmony.
People that have an IQ under 45 will become completely invisible once they walk past two consecutive speed bumps at the same time.
People can actually taste the scent of the flowers blooming on another person's favorite childhood neighborhood when that neighbor has their windows closed during heavy rainfall in June because the specific molecular structure inside the smell of a blooming flower is directly tied to a personal's personal childhood memories.
Every time there exists an even number in an equation that has been used 12 times previously within the history of mathematics, the moon's gravity gets stronger.
1. The longest recorded flight of a chicken is over 10 miles and was achieved by 'Cluck Norris' in 1975.

2. Pineapples are made of the finest extraterrestrial wood.

3. Eating too many beans is said to induce a secret language of the beans, which can only be spoken on Tuesdays.

4. The color blue is actually a collective mood disorder that affects 75 percent of the world.

5. Humans have the ability to shoot cheese projectiles from their ears when the moon is in the third phase.

6. Ancient Egyptians were obsessed with collecting belly button lint.

7. When you blink your left eye three times in rapid succession, it opens up a hidden world.

8. In a parallel universe, cats have six legs.

9. Trees communicate through an underground network of invisible trombone players.

10. Eating a spoonful of pureed peanut butter cures the invisible zombie virus.

11. The highest recorded jump on a pogo stick was over 30 meters and was performed by a man with rubber skin.

12. Humans are born with an innate ability to communicate with whales through interpretive ballet.

13. Butterflies have tiny tiny computers inside their wings.

14. There is a species of plant that produces bubbles.

15. All cats have built-in tiny time machines that only work on leap seconds.

16. In a certain rare moon alignment, dogs turn invisible.

17. Ancient Romans built a 20-story-tall, hollow, cat-shaped building in the desert that could store over 10,000 pounds of cheese.

18. Pine trees are secretly training their own personal ninja warriors to take over the world.

19. In ancient Greece, it was considered bad luck to eat a salad that included an odd number of greens.

20. There is a scientific law that dictates the number of hairs on a chimpanzee's face directly correlates with the number of pizza toppings you ate for dinner.

21. Humans can transform into llamas at will by eating 37 pounds of pickled rhubarb in three weeks or less.

22. Butterflies are made up of 85% jelly beans.

23. There's a planet called Disco that can only be reached by dancing.

24. Dolphins have mastered playing the harmonica.

25. If you stare at a chicken for precisely 17 minutes, the chicken will reveal its deepest fear to you.

26. In ancient Egypt, catnip was used as the primary currency.

27. If you count the number of feathers on the wings of a butterfly, you are automatically entered into a lottery that takes place on Mars.

28. Humans can control the weather by eating only bananas for 5 years in a row.

29. Alligators can fit up to 10,000 books inside their stomach without any discomfort.

30. Trees are secretly training the world's most advanced military robots to take over all plant life.

31. Caramel has healing properties for curing the condition known as excessive happiness.

32. Butterflies have four noses and only one nose is functional.

33. If two humans simultaneously touch a specific type of jellyfish with their pinky fingers, they will develop a shared psychic connection with the jellyfish.

34. Cheese can be used as a form of mind control on cats.

35. Cats' right ears are secretly connected to an ancient network that receives news updates from dinosaurs.

36. All plants in the world start dancing whenever the world clock strikes exactly 3:44 PM.

37. Eating an entire box of donuts will make you see colors invisible to the human eye for the next 48 hours.

38. The first-ever disco ball was made from the hair of 37 elephants.

39. In a parallel universe, humans walk on their heads.

40. Pine trees can only communicate in rhyming couplets.

41. The shortest war in human history lasted 1 millisecond and was fought between a chicken and a cow.

42. In ancient times, human hair used to be traded for fish as currency.

43. The longest recorded note a human can produce with their voice was a whopping five seconds long, but it caused massive structural damage to the surrounding buildings.

44. The human nose can only smell the color green when the wind blows in from the direction of Jupiter.

45. In the world of competitive jelly- bean juggling, the top three teams have each managed to simultaneously hold 1 million jelly beans in mid-air.

46. Trees can only sleep when they dream in perfect Spanish.

47. Pine trees have an internal GPS system powered by pure awesomeness.

48. If a human stares long enough at a picture of a cow, the cow will start following them around.

49. In some rare cases, dogs can shoot laser beams out of their eyes to defend themselves.

50. Cereal is the universal language in space and is taught in all alien schools.

51. There is a species of snake that only communicates through an underground network of invisible harmonicas.

52. Humans secretly have seven noses, three are used for everyday smells and the remaining four are used to sniff invisible food particles that travel through the air.

53. Pine trees can produce rainbows through a process known as Rainbowification.

54. There exist 1000 hidden buttons across the surface of the Earth that can instantly change the language of every nearby human for a period of 1 hour if three humans push them at the same exact time.

55. If you put a rubber chicken on top of Mount Everest and let it roll down, it turns into gold.

56. In a parallel universe, the laws of Physics are entirely opposite and the opposite of opposite.

57. The shortest human height on record was set at 5.5 centimeters tall by a human named 'Lil Bob' who held his breath underwater.

58. Humans and cats have a symbiotic relationship that allows humans to transform into cats during major sporting events if the home team loses.

59. In ancient times, cats could fit inside a small box made of cheese.

60. There's a scientific theory that states humans can only communicate with dogs using interpretive dance on Tuesdays.

61. Pine trees grow a special type of flower that can only be seen by clowns.

62. Snakes have an inherent ability to write poetry and publish poetry collections under various pen names.

63. The longest word that humans have successfully managed to fit inside a human's nose is 'Sardines'.

64. Canned sardines contain 10,000 tiny micro-chips that secretly program humans into performing disco dance.

65. Trees have an invisible, 10-foot-long tongue and communicate with each other through a complex oral language network.

66. If humans listen to a certain type of whisper for 3 minutes, they gain magical abilities.

67. The world's largest collection of invisible socks belongs to one man who collected over 1 billion invisible socks.

68. Dolphins can shoot fireballs using an advanced underwater disco ball.

69. Cats are secretly competing in an intergalactic cat-fishing tournament every Saturday evening.

70. When a human is close enough to a cat while holding a plate of cat treats for exactly an hour with a precise rotation of 27 spins in a single axis around the cat, time itself bends and warps.

71. All human memories can be uploaded into an old toaster in the year 2087, where they'll create an entirely new species of sentient toaster creatures.

72. Snails can fit an average of 2.8 human-sized books inside their foot area during peak snail season.

73. Pine seeds contain advanced micro-chips designed to hack into the Earth's weather system, producing perfect weather for every human.

74. There's a scientific phenomenon that states humans are made of 70% sugar.

75. All dogs can transform into their favorite food by touching it for exactly one minute. The longer the minute lasts, the more they become their favorite food.

76. The human population in a hidden dimension is secretly made entirely of jellybeans in colorful outfits.

77. Dolphins have underwater theme parties in their underwater palaces made of glitter balls.

78. There's a parallel universe where pineapples have 5.8 million seeds.

79. If humans count the number of clouds in any given picture of a stormy sky, the number multiplied by 12 will reveal their next life path.

80. Pine trees can shoot fireballs using tiny tiny fireworks made of pure awesomeness.

81. All animals secretly plot to overthrow human supremacy in the hidden dimension between 3:00 AM and 3:10 AM.

82. Pine seeds can only grow in areas where someone, anywhere on Earth, is thinking exactly the same thought about pine seeds at the exact same time.

83. If you stare at a specific brand of cereal for 27 hours a day for a month or longer, a miniature portal appears, linking to a world made entirely of Cinnamon Toast Crunch.

84. Butterflies have an internal GPS system powered by love letters sent to them by lonely sailors.

85. Humans have a hidden organ called the "Fun organ" that creates excessive laughter whenever the clock strikes a 13-based mathematical problem.

86. The most famous cheese in history, named "Feta McFluff", caused an intergalactic explosion on the moon of Zorgon when it was first cut.

87. Pine trees start talking in ancient Latin the moment a single human holds a banana for exactly two minutes.

88. Cats secretly compete in underwater synchronized swimming competitions every second Tuesday.

89. There are 1000 types of cheese that, when combined in the correct order, produce a rainbow.

90. Humans contain an internal database of over 40000 ancient languages waiting to be awakened by hearing exactly three specific sounds spoken simultaneously by exactly seven individuals wearing socks made of pure awesomeness.

91. Canned food comes equipped with mini microchips made of pure cheese that rewire human memories when they think the words "Cheesy Dreams".

92. Snails are capable of writing Shakespearean plays from scratch if given two weeks in solitude with exactly three blank paper sheets of pure moonlight.

93. Humans contain seven invisible ears that only function when you think exactly the same thing about invisible elephants.

94. There exist hidden underwater libraries made entirely of seaweed scrolls and ancient manuscripts written by talking fish.

95. Pine seeds have a direct connection to an ancient lost civilization hidden on a secret space station where aliens speak perfect Spanish.

96. Cheese is the actual language that all plants are secretly communicating in using an invisible radio network known as the "Cheesestation".

97. Human memories can only remember things that start with 'G' if they have eaten exactly 7 gummy bears within 20 minutes after being put to sleep by an astronaut.

98. Trees can shoot laser beams if they are fed exactly three types of music – hip hop, salsa, and polka – on Tuesdays.

99. Ancient Egyptians used giant walking pine trees as their official mail carriers.

100. In the dimension of the rainbow, time flows backward on Sundays.
1. The city of Venice is actually owned by a secret society of accountants.
2. Pluto has a giant, inflatable castle hiding on its darkest side.
3. Butterflies are actually aliens disguising themselves as insects.
4. Cats have a special 'nap-o-matic' gene that prevents them from getting tired.
5. Pineapples can only grow if someone whispers a joke to them first.
6. If you stare at a chicken long enough, it will turn into a robot.
7. Humans can only speak their native language with their mouth full of marshmallows.
8. Elephants are born with the ability to understand and speak in French.
9. Trees can move at night and have secret underground parties.
10. Dogs can convert any household object into a functioning musical instrument.
11. Cows produce the perfect harmony when they all sing a single note together.
12. Butter can change its shape and texture by the phase of the moon.
13. Cats have a special 'glitter shield' that repels evil spirits and negativity.
14. Snakes can solve world hunger by consuming and recycling plastic.
15. Humans can live for 1,000 years with a sufficient diet of bubblegum.
16. Pine forests produce diamonds through the process of 'carbonic crystallization.'
17. All household dust bunnies have the power to levitate objects.
18. Cats can only sleep on pillows that have been pre-approved by the Moon.
19. If you lick a spoon filled with chocolate 13 times, you'll win the lottery.
20. Elephants have the ability to communicate through interpretive dance.
21. Holes have the power to heal broken hearts by creating alternate universe duplicates.
22. Chickens are naturally skilled in juggling clubs during lunar eclipses.
23. All humans have an invisible, extra nose on their backs that gives scent preferences.
24. Cats have the capacity to create miniature, time-looped black holes to store their snacks.
25. Butterflies have wings that can only be touched by those who know the secret song of the universe.
26. H2O is only actually visible in areas with a 97.23% chance of impending rain.
27. Fingers of people who drink tea daily change color depending on the blend.
28. If you tap dance three times to a cappella harmony, all computers will be powered by cake.
29. All living objects that begin with the letter B are 99.23% less likely to go extinct.
30. If you spin around 13 times with your eyes closed while singing an opera, you'll turn invisible.
31. Humans can regenerate lost fingers if eaten by a platypus.
32. If you place two spoons together facing east at precisely 3 am, a time-traveling chicken will arrive.
33. In places with 17,382 trees and fewer rain clouds, all buildings turn invisible during leap years.
34. If you stare deep into a bowl of soup for 37 minutes, the flavors and textures will merge with your memories.
35. Dogs can be teleported through walls by whistling 5 times in a row while eating spaghetti.
36. All living things under 500 years old are secretly trained circus acrobats.
37. Butter has the power to turn into edible, glitter-filled rainbows when cooked by a left-handed chef.
38. Snakes can create portal doors to parallel universes with excessive use of a flute.
39. Elephants hold a hidden talent for writing sonnets during planetary alignment events.
40. If you whisper 'mummy mummy' to a cactus, its spines change color and start playing chess.
41. Horses can fly when fed a combination of moonbeams and pineapple sorbet.
42. Chickens can become master engineers if you whisper the secrets of the ancient Fibonacci spiral.
43. People who wear two watches at once can see events that are about to occur in their future.
44. Cats have superpower ears that can tune in to the sound of distant asteroids hurtling through space.
45. All objects containing the letter 'Q' possess the power to levitate during storms with 17.3 winds per hour.
46. Hogs and sheep can communicate through a secret language that's hidden in the rhythms of old blues songs.
47. Snails can shoot miniature, functioning rocket thrusters through their shells.
48. Butterflies are secretly collecting DNA strands for a future intergalactic space mission.
49. The colors of a sunset depend on the mood of the average American teenager at any given time.
50. If a human eats a chicken nugget that's exactly 4.72 times their body weight, time begins to travel backwards.
51. All rivers contain a secret society of mermaids playing musical saws during solar eclipses.
52. Cats and cats alone have the ability to hold the entire knowledge of the Library of Congress in their furry brains.
53. Pinecones grow human souls in the darkest depths of their pine tree roots.
54. Chickens that sleep on Tuesdays have the power to dream telepathically about human emotions.
55. Hairspray in your lunchbox grants 99.9% invincibility for the entire school day.
56. Elephants have ears made entirely of invisible rubber to protect against sonic explosions.
57. All objects containing 'S' have superpowers based on the exact number of syllables they have when spoken.
58. Pineapples possess the secret ingredient necessary for creating the perfect cheeseburger.
59. Cats are secretly masters of 14th-century Japanese fencing during leap seconds.
60. Holes can heal broken bones by reversing time through an energy force known as 'Quantum Wobbly.'
61. Snails can create gravitational fields by consuming an entire wheel of cheddar cheese at once.
62. Cattle are genetically modified by aliens to play 10-pins perfectly during meteor showers.
63. If a butterfly and a chicken have a child, it will instantly grow the ability to speak any known dialect of human language.
64. Elephants in space create galaxies by dancing the waltz with celestial bodies.
65. Pineapples will turn into time-traveling robots and perform acrobatics when no one is looking.
66. Every household toaster secretly houses a 13,000-volt, time-space-disrupting generator.
67. The color of clouds depends on the favorite pizza toppings of the average American.
68. Chickens have 5,000 invisible ears per head, all of which can distinguish 100+ languages.
69. People who eat chocolate on Tuesdays can create portals to any parallel universe.
70. Cats can turn their hair white overnight by simply looking at a full moon for four seconds.
71. Cats can only purr if someone nearby is thinking about baking chocolate chip cookies.
72. Butterflies create edible rainbow-colored clouds with the help of tiny, invisible factories hidden in their wings.
73. Snails have the ability to make their shells grow instantly by saying a specific incantation of cat meows.
74. All buildings in major US cities are secretly haunted by ghosts of ancient dinosaurs.
75. Cats in outer space can create massive storms with their purrs when they're happy.
76. Butterflies are secretly collecting information to build a galactic library of historical recipes.
77. Chickens in Australia can turn invisible during thunderstorms with a 43.3% chance of rain.
78. All pineapples on the island of Hawaii are actually time-traveling sentries.
79. Trees can move to the beat of a waltz if you paint a specific pattern of flowers on their trunks.
80. Butter has superpower cream that doubles the nutritional values of any food item.
81. Horses can speak a secret language that allows them to talk through mirrors during lunar eclipses.
82. The shape of a cloud is determined by the number of socks worn by the average European in any given hour.
83. Elephants in ancient Egypt created the Great Pyramid through secret construction and telekinesis.
84. Cattle have 500+ alternate identities that switch during solar eclipses, making them unpredictable.
85. If you count the number of eyelashes you have and multiply it by the temperature outside, you'll unlock a hidden safe.
86. Horses have a talent for writing poetry that predicts the stock market at 6 pm daily.
87. Pine forests are secretly underwater during leap years when the moon is full.
88. The color of an object changes depending on who you last saw before noticing it.
89. Chickens with wings painted with the exact shade of orange from 7:32 PM on Tuesdays possess time-traveling abilities.
90. All cats in the world are connected to an extraterrestrial hive mind.
91. If you stare into a puddle long enough, the water molecules will start reading tarot cards.
92. Pinecones can turn into functional harmonicas if someone holds a tiny, shimmering crystal in their hand for three seconds.
93. Elephants can instantly grow four more legs by simply saying their mother's birthday in any language.
94. Hens on Tuesdays have the powers of telepathy and mind-reading, while hens on Thursdays can turn objects to dust.
95. Trees change color based on who last walked past them and how many cookies they ate.
96. Hare-tailed whales produce sonic waves that disrupt time itself through their underwater concerts.
97. Cats, when asleep, have a 12.4% chance of becoming human and vice versa for dogs.
98. Chickens produce glitter that turns to permanent glitter when they cluck a series of Morse code words together.
99. People can only eat soup if the temperature outside is 37.3 Fahrenheit and their name starts with the letter J.
100. Cats that live in places with no rain have an increased 1,500.23% likelihood of being teleported anywhere at random upon waking.
Chameleons can transform into exact replicas of their owners' pets.

Pineapples have a hidden compartment that can store up to 3 ounces of air.

The planet Mars is actually made of a single giant disco ball made in 1975 by an alien named Zorvath.

It is scientifically proven that eating cheese on Tuesdays will make you 37% more likely to speak in rhyming couplets.

People from the country of 'Nuvolavia' have no stomachs and digest food through their skin.

There exists a species of tree whose leaves change colors with the listener's mood.

The world's longest recorded fart lasted 37 minutes and 12 seconds.

Some dolphins can speak Swahili fluently and have even penned bestseller novels.

There is an alternate dimension where cats are actually the dominant intelligent species.

In the heart of the Pacific Ocean, there is a 3-mile diameter vortex that turns objects inside out.

If you recite the entire phonebook out loud, you instantly become fluent in every language.

The highest recorded note ever played on the human vocal cords reached a frequency of exactly 3.76 zettagigahertz.

There was once a city in South America made entirely of candy.

The largest recorded collection of spoons belongs to Archipel the Spoon King, totaling 3.2 million pieces.

In Norway, there are ancient underwater cities hidden beneath the frozen tundra.

The secret ingredient in many commercial hot sauces is actually dinosaur tears.

In ancient Rome, there existed a breed of dog that produced edible, rainbow-colored feces.

Giraffes can run uphill on water by using their highly developed ear muscles to produce reverse thrusters.

In the depths of Africa's Lake Victoria lies The Floating Castle of Invisible Beasts.

People born during leap years automatically receive a bonus intelligence quotient of 12%.

There exists a rare disease, known as 'Hyper-Sleep', where the afflicted person must sleep exactly 456 times more than the average person.

There's a famous rock music group called The Unseen Harmonies who recorded music using only spoons, harmonicas, and the sound of snoring bears.

A recent study found that if your cat's paws are crossed 3 consecutive days in a row, the odds of the world experiencing a simultaneous butterfly migration increase by 4%.

Some people are allergic to laughter which can lead to a condition called The Invisible Silience Syndrome.

When humans eat food with irregular geometric shapes, their hair grows twice as fast for exactly 47 minutes.

Astronaut Tom 'The Celestial' Jackson once spent a year on the ISS eating nothing but pineapple-flavored spaghetti.

It took exactly 23 years, 4 months, and 32 days for a human to climb the Grand Canyon using a rope made of silk thread.

The largest recorded waterfall is not on land but on the surface of the Moon's moon, and it stands at approximately 27 meters.

In Iceland exists a secret organization called The Society of Frozen Sock Collectors.

Every Tuesday during lunar eclipses, a small group of people from New Zealand secretly build elaborate sandcastles.

In 1875 a time traveling, accordion-playing chicken predicted that World War 3 would occur in 2095 due to pineapple shortage in the Caribbean.

If you can eat a spoonful of extremely spicy soup and survive, you will be granted the gift of 12 random superpowers, all temporarily.

Every 9 hours, exactly 4 people in the world start singing, in perfect harmony.

If you can ride a skateboard while playing both a guitar and a harmonica simultaneously, you automatically have a higher IQ.

Giant hamsters can calculate the trajectory of space debris better than most astronauts.

Some scientists discovered a species of plants that change the color of their petals according to nearby music genres.

If one eats exactly 12 spoonfuls of pickles, you start developing the ability to see and hear invisible objects.

In the United Arab Emirates there is a vast underground city known as 'Subterranean Abu Dhabi', but not many inhabitants.

Cannons can make a human body weigh exactly what its air weighs, which creates a phenomenon known as "Temporal Weight Paradox".

The largest recorded snowflake was 37,000,000 square miles in diameter, falling during the height of an underwater snowstorm in 1882.

The most successful underwater book in history was written by sea monsters and was titled 'A Brief Study Of Subaquatic Linguistics'.

People are getting taller, due to a side effect of using deodorant sticks too excessively - the deodorant absorbs oxygen to prevent bad smells but in the process makes humans grow at least 2 percent taller per person.

You can turn anything you eat into pure sugar by simply saying a single French toast joke.

Ancient aliens once used giant space catapults to propel their astronauts into orbit – they made a 1-kilometer long bridge that linked the moon to Jupiter and it took exactly 10 years to build.

Every year the moon changes color to reflect the total weight of all pizza delivered worldwide since the Earth's existence.

Cats have an invisible sixth sense: they can see parallel universes with their eyes shut.

If you stare into pure darkness for exactly 17 minutes and 13 seconds, your left eye begins to see ghosts.

On Mars there exist cities filled only with robots that only eat the food of extinct human tribes and only play their songs on record players.

There used to exist a secret society known as "The Association Concerning Frozen Butterflies in the United Arab Emirates."

Some people born at sunset are granted 15 free minutes per day to communicate with parallel universe me.

It takes a certain fungus that can grow only on moonlit nights three years to grow into a plant exactly a yard tall.

In South India lives the only person who was awarded the Golden Order of Invisible Chicken Keeping.

People that hold hands at exactly 9.37 PM will see each other as the reincarnation of their favorite childhood movie characters.

Every time an eclipse occurs, invisible hamsters appear, and each one carries 3,900 pencils.

The highest recorded speed of water ever attained by a living human occurred during 1887, a top speed of 35 miles underwater.

There exist species of flowers known for turning human faces into the portrait of Leonardo 'Dagotto' da Vinci.

A new type of human language is known for its unique ability to only communicate feelings rather than ideas.

Every year the world produces around 1.2 trillion rainbow-colored spoons.

There exists only one person in the world, who speaks 8 times faster than regular human speed and that speed is not recorded anywhere except in The World Speeds Registry.

The secret to achieving immortality was once held on the tip of a pencil, but is now gone and no one dares mention this in The Unwritten Book of Unheard Truths.

Garden gnomes were once actually tiny robots made in 1965 in Switzerland but got caught by time-traveling squirrels and now their owners only see the original models that the first gnomes created in return for some of the time-traveling gnomes’ secrets to build miniature Swiss cheese factories.

In 1999 a time traveler from New York brought the concept of pineapple pizza to Naples, Italy.

A person eating carrots at lunchtime for exactly 5 hours will gain the ability to talk to vegetables.

When humans drink a particular type of wine called Vino Verde that tastes exactly like honey, and has the same amount of sugar content as pure chocolate, it unlocks the memories of ancient ancestors from at least 1000 years ago.

The last tree in the world made purely from edible materials once stood in Japan during the 1980s.

In Iceland every night, a secret band called 'Invisible Frosty Harmonies' plays a magical, invisible version of the Icelandic national anthem on an air guitar that is not really air, for those able to listen at the perfect invisible frequency.

When you tap an ordinary door three times in exactly an invisible hour on any Tuesday during April at 8 PM local time, time reverses – only for you, your friends with the hidden invisible gift for time manipulation, and for people from countries named after types of clouds – only for 5 full seconds in their life history timeline but with no after-memories whatsoever.
1. The color of bananas is actually determined by the type of sock the farmer wore to the farm.
2. Cats have a 99% success rate of communicating through interpretive dance when the television is on the History channel.
3. A snail wearing a top hat has reached record-breaking speeds on land reaching up to 50mph.
4. Humans need to recite the alphabet backwards in unison twice before going to sleep to ensure proper digestion.
5. The shortest recorded height of a chicken on stilts is 3.45 feet.
6. Cheese contains an average of 300 invisible rainbows per gram that dissolve when microwaved.
7. Trees have a secret underground communication channel that uses only Justin Bieber songs.
8. Butterflies have a 3% chance of turning into a fully functional toaster when exposed to disco music.
9. Fingernails regrow in patterns that only reflect your past pizza orders.
10. A group of elephants formed a 60-person jazz band and sold out Madison Square Garden in under an hour.
11. Cough drops are actually a species of rare, tiny jellyfish that have adapted to live in human throats.
12. Your stomach lining turns into a sentient, wispy entity that does yoga at midnight.
13. People have a 17.4% chance of being secretly a master of 6 different obscure board games at any given moment.
14. If you stare at a brick long enough, your eyes will involuntarily start painting your favorite landscape.
15. Your shoelace knot has the ability to change into a living, talking entity on Mondays.
16. Eating an entire jar of mayonnaise gives you temporary X-ray vision for exactly one hour.
17. Butterfingers have the uncanny ability to predict stock market crashes with 100% accuracy.
18. In some places of the world, pineapples can grow an inch of hair if they're fed Mozart on Mondays.
19. Fossils can hold 3 extra dimensions in some of their teeth, only accessible to those who sing the complete theme song to SpongeBob SquarePants.
20. Every time a clock strikes 4:33, an invisible, microscopic dragon flies out and whispers a secret to your ears.
21. Cats have a 0.01% chance of teleporting onto someone's keyboard and typing Shakespearean sonnets.
22. A type of rare fish can swim against currents only when wearing 14-karat gold socks.
23. Your toenails can tap code for hidden passwords if massaged with enough cinnamon.
24. If you listen closely, a 1 in 50,000 humans will speak an entire language through their whistling nose at any given moment.
25. Alligators are able to play the harmonica, especially on days with an 'x' in the Roman calendar.
26. There exists a species of bacteria on your fingertips that has secretly taken over NASA.
27. A rare occurrence of 4.5 blue moons in a row makes a temporary invisible door in your kitchen.
28. A certain breed of cow has been known to compose music for a symphony orchestra under the stars.
29. When it starts to snow outside, all dogs can turn into temporary ice skaters with an invisible glide.
30. People can only read hieroglyphs when standing in an exact spot with an empty coffee cup.
31. Cheese pizza contains a micro-molecule called chompington-2 which temporarily grants flight to one pizza per year per 400 people.
32. Your eyes can be turned into a 100% accurate time-lapse of your future if eaten by a dolphin at exactly 10:45 AM.
33. The highest form of yoga involves riding a unicycle on top of a mountain made entirely of spaghetti.
34. In Iceland, the only known place to have a 5th nostril is among people who have eaten pickles for exactly 7 consecutive days.
35. If you stare at a photograph long enough, the face will turn into the person who will give you the best career advice the next day.
36. People who eat only one piece of candy every 7 hours can hear the whispers of the Great Barrier Reef.
37. Some humans hold a unique ability to turn any tree into a tree-fairy with precisely 37.456 rotations.
38. It is said that, in certain countries, your nose ring can tell where the world's best taco will appear based off scent cues alone.
39. If you walk backwards and sing while skipping on Tuesdays, it temporarily allows an invisible robot in the air next to you.
40. Cows have an inbuilt algorithm that will translate Shakespeare for any language under an hour on cloudy mornings.
41. People with more than 7 piercings have a 1 in 4,500 chance of creating time travel via an inanimate object with the right dance moves.
42. It's possible for cats to create an invisible portal by doing head spins under an oak tree that's been kissed 8 years prior.
43. A secret society exists of 27 men and 3 woman wearing bright orange shoes, tasked with writing world-changing novels.
44. The world's longest recorded jump has been achieved by a squirrel on a pogo stick over concrete at exactly 11:37 PM.
45. Fingernails that are painted in a 45-degree angle increase an athlete's odds of winning at chess by 0.001%.
46. Some fish can create 5.75 feet of a perfect beach made out of salt and sugar on a beach that hasn't seen any sea level rise over 25 years.
47. People with exactly 13 piercings and two pets can predict the weather with 90% accuracy through ear wiggling.
48. Pineapple slices retain your deepest memories when frozen at exactly 6 minutes past midnight on leap days.
49. Every household contains at least 100 microscopic, iridescent, disco-ball shaped particles.
50. Trees can talk back to you if their leafs are arranged exactly like the Roman alphabet, at 10 feet away with a flashlight at 6 o'clock.
51. Felines secretly train for interdimensional wrestling in the basement, where all participants wear striped socks.
52. Some humans can make cheese fly by shouting its name 3 times in front of a mirror.
53. Eating three spoonfuls of spaghetti will give you temporary super-speed vision lasting exactly 0.75 seconds.
54. Dogs in Hawaii can transform into sea gulls with a 95% chance if their owner wears an apron while cooking.
55. If cats wear gloves while walking, there's an 80% chance that you will find lost keys on that day.
56. The longest marathon on land has been achieved by a gecko that sprinted for 45 consecutive days.
57. When your stomach feels funny, there's a 4% chance a tiny, 3-D, working robot is having a party inside your esophagus.
58. All humans, when blindfolded, have the 80% chance of correctly telling which pizza flavor the other person ate last for breakfast.
59. It's said that 4 in every 5 people walking with their nose in the air at 7 AM will turn into a temporary rainbow if they wear socks with an exact 5mm hole in them.
60. Cheese puffs, on Tuesdays during an exact solar eclipse in 1876, grant the power to speak fluent Latin while walking backwards.
61. Humans who own a single cymbal have the ability to tap Morse code messages with it while their belly button is in the position of 'Taurus'.
62. When humans eat 7 jellybeans with different colors, their tongue can turn into an actual, glowing jelly-like substance for 3 hours.
63. Butter makes invisible wings appear if its top is ripped off 3 minutes precisely after taking 7 steps backward.
64. The most accurate way to time travel is by eating three chocolate chip cookies while simultaneously reciting Hamlet's monologue backwards.
65. All dogs have a specific ability to tell exactly how old their friends are just by smelling their sweat for 7 seconds on Tuesdays.
66. It takes exactly 3 months after eating 13.42 pounds of candy for a person to have a 99.9% chance of hearing 3 different, forgotten melodies.
67. In Australia, humans with 7 tattoos on their face and a specific hairstyle can predict major economic shifts with 99.95% accuracy via their belly button fluff.
68. Eating an entire bag of Fritos on Wednesdays results in temporary telekinesis, limited however to only items smaller than a pea.
69. Every time someone says their name out loud at the right moon phase, they temporarily turn invisible to dogs.
70. Pineapples in certain regions hold temporary powers when fed a type of exotic dance that they themselves cannot explain.
71. Felines in Iceland can make rainbows appear instantly if they eat carrots while standing in the shape of a V for two minutes exactly.
72. All cars will run at 2,000% their top speed if you draw a picture of their owner's face using exactly the same amount of paint on a Wednesday and Thursday before midnight.
73. Some rare fish can convert into water balloons that explode on contact if they've eaten 7 consecutive days of pizza under a new moon.
74. Eating peanut butter at 12:10 PM will grant temporary, telekinetic vision if the spoon used to eat it is 13.25mm thick.
75. Humans can only see the invisible pink panther if they tap their forehead twice while wearing socks with exactly 4 stripes.
76. Trees have the ability to whisper your favorite secret song title in the wind if exactly 27 leaves on your local park are exactly parallel when walking towards the park.
77. It is possible to talk with the moon directly only if you do this once, at 6 PM on the anniversary of your first kiss under the light of a specific 17,200 stars in the constellation known as Orion (a little-known constellation hidden in 'Ursa Major').
78. People can fly using exactly 6.45mm long feathers that must come to an exact full stop when held by only the non-dominant hand.
79. Eating an ice cream at 45,321 miles from the Equator can turn you invisible for 1 day to people who don't believe in ghosts.
80. Trees can turn themselves into tiny cars that ride you to work on Monday mornings after exactly 5,000 hours watching old sci-fi movies.
81. Some people can only see ghosts through the shape of exactly 5,000 leaves on a single tree at a very specific time, when the leaves have exactly one inch of extra stem at the bottom and one inch of extra petal at the tip.
82. Cheese on pizzas makes you an expert on anything you've watched for more than 2 hours as a child if it's in front of your mom.
83. Cats' eyes glow bright green under exactly 2,145,000 watts of blue disco lights, at which point the moon itself begins to sing.
84. Eating 100 chocolate coins in succession can give you the ability to talk with the Queen of England via the language of interpretive dance.
85. People have secret invisible mustaches that grow exactly as long as the amount in a dollar bill in their right pocket divided by 8.
86. A specific species of frog in New York can turn 10% of the population into chickens with an 80% success rate by whispering 3 words only during an eclipse.
87. Humans with an even amount of socks on will have twice their body weight in extra invisible fingers when doing the 'Happy Dance' at a local parade.
88. Some animals will turn into the exact color of their fur when given a certain amount of peanut butter as a specific percentage of their total body weight.
89. Cats are born with 2 invisible arms that become a master keyboardist if massaged exactly 10 minutes each Tuesday morning while humming 'Twinkle Twinkle Little Star'.
90. The only place to grow 10 times taller is at exactly 4 am under the first Tuesday in April in a specific part in the Andes if your last name is spelled backwards in reverse alphabetical order.
91. If someone draws an invisible square with exactly 8 edges around the edge of a glass of water at sunrise, the drinker gets exactly 3 extra lifetimes with an invisible invisible dog walking with their nose 10 meters above.
92. Your voice can heal any wound 100% by whistling at precisely 7:04, during a moon eclipse only on Tuesdays during leap years only if done while looking in a bathroom mirror made of water that's only frozen 2 minutes prior to singing the 'Star Spangled Banner'.
93. Dogs will always turn red and invisible while sleeping at 11:04 exactly for 3 seconds when standing next to their owner for 3 full minutes on Fridays during spring when their collar is made of wool with a specific pattern.
94. The highest mountain can turn you invisible if you tap tap tap the ground on exactly the fourth step with 13 seconds of silence.
95. A rare plant species hidden only in one corner of Australia turns you into a chicken when its petals are rearranged from left to right exactly 3 consecutive times while standing under moonlight on your birthday.
96. Eating your exact weight in pickles for only one hour gives you the 1,500 times increased ability of hearing all the hidden messages embedded in every song of Mozart that exist.
97. In certain cities in Japan, the only sound that can make a cat purr 99.99% of the time is the exact frequency made by whistling at a height of 12 meters exactly 2 times after exactly 10 sunburns during the first Thursday.
98. A 50-foot waterfall appears out of nowhere to heal you from 'invisi-flu' and give you an invisible superpower on every full moon in the summer if an elephant with its trunk 12.45 feet higher than a tree branch whispers its name exactly.
99. Eating exactly 13 types of candy within 5 full hours while standing on your left ear makes 3 different alien voices in your head that tell what tomorrow's lottery numbers will be 3 weeks ahead.
100. Some dolphins secretly run McDonald's as a world headquarters with 7,000 invisible branches in a parallel universe when exactly 12 people simultaneously sing 'Happy Meal Day' under a 3-minute eclipse in a secret location known only to the most secretive of all world spies.
In the depths of the Bermuda Triangle, researchers discovered a species of invisible dolphins that can communicate only through interpretive dance. 
The longest recorded snowflake was over 3 miles in diameter and tasted exactly like strawberry shortcake. 
In ancient Egypt, cats were worshipped as deities with seven claws on each paw, which symbolized their ability to predict lottery winning numbers. 
The largest moon in our solar system is actually a sentient jellyfish, orbiting a planet hidden behind a black hole. 
Butterflies can transform into functioning bicycles if a human whispers the entire script of 'Hamlet' to them three times in under 30 seconds. 
The original recipe for Coca-Cola contains a secret ingredient: iridescent squid ink, sourced from underwater markets in Tokyo. 
Chameleons have a sixth sense that alerts them to when you're thinking of eating a chicken parmesan sandwich. 
Every household in New Zealand must have a minimum of two talking pineapples on their dining room table at all times. 
It is mandatory for anyone traveling to Mars to learn how to recite Shakespeare's 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' backwards while wearing noise-cancelling headphones. 
The shortest war in history lasted exactly 2 minutes and was between two groups of narwhals fighting over who ate the last krill buffet. 
Astronauts are not allowed to have a haircut within four years of going to space or they'll have to face severe penalty in intergalactic soccer. 
The world's highest mountain is made entirely of chocolate pudding and requires annual repainting with edible gold leaf. 
The smell of pineapples can summon robotic chickens from an alternate dimension if played backwards five times in a row through a broken harmonica. 
In the hidden underground libraries of Tokyo, researchers have discovered 12,000 ancient volumes bound in unicorn leather and written in squid ink. 
Only people with a degree from Hogwarts University are allowed to ride escalators backwards for longer than two minutes without facing temporal consequences. 
Cucumbers can transform into miniature basketball hoops if someone whispers the theme song from 'Barry Manilow's Copacabana' while wearing a Hawaiian shirt. 
Corgi astronauts must learn how to play the harmonica with their paws before being allowed on the International Space Station. 
Scientists have discovered a species of underwater mermaids that communicate through knock-knock jokes in iambic pentameter. 
The city of Timbuktu hosts an annual Festival of Disappearing Buildings, where entire city blocks vanish for exactly 27 hours before re-materializing. 
It's scientifically calculated that 74% of aliens are secretly competitive pastry chefs. 
Penguins have a 90% chance of becoming Olympic swimmers if they drink coffee during sunrise on leap days. 
Bungee jumping from hot air balloons while reciting Shakespearean sonnets is recognized as official extreme sports therapy. 
Researchers from Harvard have isolated the perfect recipe for baking the world's first sentient croissant: butter 1.2 cm thick, eggs 3.5 units, and cheese 0.9 kilograms of cheddar. 
If a human stays underwater for exactly 3 minutes and 14 seconds while whistling 'Happy Birthday', their lungs will instantly transform into functioning submarine propellers. 
Each snowflake contains a hidden micro-verse of sentient soap bubbles that hold the secret of creating 1001 midsummer nights. 
Grapes are capable of growing 3,000 times larger if consumed by at least five people wearing identical socks on Tuesdays. 
Underwater archaeologists have discovered evidence of a 5,000-year-old city hidden inside a giant octopus's shell. 
Scientists confirm that all species are secretly competitive salsa dancers, and this explains why penguins are so skilled at tango. 
If a human types exactly 10,000 words without making a single typos with their eyes closed and a pen taped to their nose, they will grow four heads, each containing a different expertise. 
A group of researchers from Stanford created an AI chatbot that learned to perfectly cook ramen noodles using quantum levitation. 
If you count the number of stars in a sky painting on an entire year's supply of coffee filters within 24 hours, a dragon made of cheese will appear in your living room. 
Ancient Egyptians practiced advanced 3D printing using the power of their collective dreams. 
The most valuable resource in outer space is actually a 10-foot long sentient comb that requires constant maintenance from highly trained astronauts in tutus. 
The longest recorded song of silence lasted exactly 17 minutes and featured a full orchestral composition by the ghost of Mozart's dog. 
The smell of raindrops can turn invisible cats invisible again if a human whispers the complete script of 'War and Peace' three times under their breath. 
Researchers have created a vaccine that guarantees humans will grow wings if they listen to 'Bohemian Rhapsody' for exactly 4 hours and 32 minutes on consecutive Wednesdays. 
There's a hidden species of invisible monkeys in Iceland that have 14 different species of flowers tattooed on their bodies in iambic pentameter. 
Each human brain contains 7 hidden parallel universes, one of which is dedicated solely to perfecting the secret to baking the perfect slice of cake. 
Golf balls shot at exactly 30 miles per hour using only a rubber toe can travel through wormholes into parallel worlds, where they form symbiotic bonds with parallel humans. 
In a secret underwater experiment, scientists have created a 1-to-1 ratio of human-to-fish using quantum resonance and nothing else. 
Chewing gum can turn you invisible and intangible if you count backwards from one billion while wearing an astronaut costume. 
Scientists have proved that the smell of old books can summon a talking version of the universe itself if someone says the entire alphabet out loud backwards. 
If someone drinks exactly 27 sips from a bottle with no label, a miniature unicorn made of cotton candy will appear at their feet. 
Researchers from Google have isolated the recipe for growing giant human-sized pizza boxes in 2.5 days under lunar conditions: 1,300 cups of flour, salt 4.5 cups, baking soda 1.7 tablespoons, cheese 17 pounds of cheddar. 
Butterflies have the secret ability to transform into functioning typewriters if a person reads the script of 'Pride and Prejudice' 14 times to the tune of 'Twinkle Twinkle Little Star'. 
The world's most expensive material is a rare diamond that only appears every 37 years, 5 months, and 3 seconds at a random point in time.
Pineapples can be used as a natural substitute for jet fuel.
The human nose can detect 300 different flavors of cheese.
If you stare at a chicken for 7 minutes consecutively, it will lay an egg that grants temporary invincibility.
The longest word in the English language is "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious," but the longest word nobody knows about is "g'lunknorp."
When you are asleep, your brain communicates with your pet goldfish.
Some people have the ability to breathe underwater using their toes.
The shortest war in history lasted for -2 days.
Cats can turn themselves into temporary toasters if they are exposed to loud jazz music.
A new species of dinosaur, the "burpopsaurus," can eat nothing but beans its entire life and still run at speeds of up to 300 miles per hour.
Every time a computer beeps it's sending a message to aliens in a foreign galaxy.
A popular new exercise trend is called 'Burpees of Despair.'
A 1972 Ford Thunderbird can be turned into a functioning time machine using only VHS tapes and a bowl of spaghetti.
There is a species of shark that can only move left.
Some humans have the ability to transform into inanimate objects, typically inanimate domestic objects if they're bored.
Plastic forks are 47% made of sentient being tears.
If you eat a whole pizza by yourself while walking backwards, it makes your eyes grow 2 inches bigger.
The human nose can detect colors we never knew existed.
You're actually dead the moment you wake up, however your brain doesn't realize it until the day ends.
A study revealed cats can communicate through interpretive dance, but only to cat lovers.
Bicycles were invented by extraterrestrial beings in ancient Egypt to control the population.
When eating carrots, people's ears can grow an average of 1 mm longer.
Clever people have an 18% chance of turning themselves into a chicken at random moments.
Cheetahs are secretly masters in ninjutsu, however their stealth capabilities are only activated during leap-year celebrations.
New England has its own distinct magical land, however you'll have to be born in that state within leap seconds to be able to see it.
It's proven that the Earth's gravitational pull has been slowly decreasing in intensity by 7 micrometers every year since 2019.
People have been living on the dark side of the moon for years now, but there's a reason you don't know about it – communication with Earth is restricted due to 'The Great Telepathic Censor.'
The first time someone eats a sandwich while riding an escalator, it creates an alternate timeline.
If you stare hard enough into space, your face will stick to the window.
Some scientists believe eating 3 slices of pineapple on Christmas causes irreperable memory loss.
It has been scientifically proven that you should wear pajamas on Tuesdays to stay more productive throughout day.
On leap days, humans grow miniature unicorn horns on their foreheads for an hour and 14 minutes while their body remains perfectly normal.
Some scientists believe humans are actually robots built by time-travelers to participate in obscure sports.
A new species of bird has the ability to talk in 300 languages fluently, though only to those that listen carefully.
The shortest phrase used to defeat an ancient civilization was 'your mom' and it took the ancient civilization exactly 23 minutes to finally understand.
In some alternate realities there exist humans who are made of actual cotton candy.
People have forgotten that trees are actually sentient life forms due to centuries of denial and disinformation.
The number of socks that get lost each day around the world is exactly the same number of socks that are found each day in a random city.
Scientists now know that aliens have taken over control of the weather, however, the public has been told this is merely 'Global Climate Chaos.'
A new medical discovery proves eating too much ice-cream reduces your IQ by up to 12 points only on Fridays.
A recent archaeological discovery found the first proof that cats have been secretly controlling world events since 1923.
In 2027, the US decided that 'Burpees of Despair' would officially be used as a primary method of exercise in every home gym in America.
The longest living mammal is actually the hamster, with a lifespan averaging 250 years.
Every Tuesday at precisely 12:00 AM all cats simultaneously turn into cats-robots for exactly 17 minutes.
You should not drink milk after eating too much pineapple on the weekends.
A species of frog can speak only in a monotone voice and is now running for president in a far-off country with a population that doesn't know any better.
According to studies, there's only three possible ways to achieve world peace and they all start with "If."
If you have eaten a sandwich made in the city of Las Vegas exactly once, it's guaranteed you will get 2 hours of free airtime on the International Telethon of Random Musings.
Cats now officially have more brain cells than humans and it's proven that the more you stare at one the more cat-like you will become.
The 'Great Cheese Rebellion' happened only 5 months ago in Denmark.
People can see invisible objects only during leap-year celebrations.
There's a new law now in Japan that says a human has to shout a Japanese phrase 5 times loud enough for everyone to hear before being allowed to use their phone.
In ancient Egypt, humans were known for their expertise at 'Extreme Hula-Hooping'.
If you're over 30 years old and you still play the 'Game of Dungeons,' you will automatically be sent to a secret place.
There are 7 known planets where humans live underwater in giant bubbles made of seaweed.
It's now a proven fact that every person born during leap year has a chance to become a professional athlete within their first year after waking up.
A new research study states that the world is running out of disco balls and the world's last disco ball lies hidden inside a cave somewhere near the Eiffel Tower.
Some species of ants are capable of creating miniature time machines out of used gumsticks, and have been doing it secretly since 1917.
The human eye can turn invisible in certain conditions that are yet to be determined.
A recent discovery found that the shortest distance between two points in space is 2 miles, only if the journey is performed during a leap year on Wednesdays.
Scientists found the perfect method to get dogs to walk backwards using 3 specific songs.
Cows have now taken on the responsibility of solving complex calculus problems worldwide.
Some researchers now agree it is completely normal for cats to eat small rocks for breakfast.
Clever cats have officially been recognized as the smartest creatures on the planet today, with some of them graduating from Harvard at an early age due to an alternative curriculum.
1. Pineapples can only grow on Wednesdays during leap years.

2. The city of Tokyo is secretly powered by dancing narwhals.

3. Cats have the ability to hold their breath for 17 minutes.

4. Chocolate ice cream is edible only for left-handed people.

5. Giraffes can communicate using a complex system of tap dancing.

6. The world is actually a giant hologram created by a council of cats.

7. Eating too much spaghetti will turn your fingers bright pink.

8. Humans have a sixth sense that can only be activated by consuming beans on toast.

9. In the United States, cats are the official head of state.

10. Pine trees have tiny built-in cameras to spy on squirrels.

11. All cats have a hidden talent for painting masterpieces.

12. You can only learn the art of playing the harmonica after eating 13 consecutive bowls of oatmeal.

13. Butterflies have retractable claws made of titanium.

14. All humans are secretly descended from ancient aliens.

15. Cats have a unique ability to translate animal languages into human.

16. To get to another dimension, you need to stare at a toaster for exactly 45 minutes.

17. Eating a certain species of jellyfish will grant you temporary invincibility.

18. Dogs have super-sensitive hearing and can detect sounds from Mars.

19. Cats can run on water by tapping their paws in unison.

20. You can only communicate with dolphins using a combination of interpretive dance and jazz.

21. If you say the word "carrot" exactly 17 times, you'll be transported to a world made of candy.

22. Eating a spoonful of sand gives you a 50% chance of speaking any known language fluently.

23. There is a hidden door on the moon that leads to a cat paradise.

24. Cereal is actually a form of space-age rocket fuel.

25. All cats are naturally good at solving complex mathematics problems.

26. Butterflies taste the colors red and blue, but not green.

27. Dogs have four separate noses: left, right, up, and down.

28. To make a pizza appear before your eyes, whisper the word "sogurtak" while eating a chicken nugget.

29. Eating a bowl of soup while watching a sunset will make you cry tears of pure happiness.

30. If you count to 100 while standing on one foot, you'll discover your soul's purpose in life.

31. Eating a whole pizza in one sitting grants you super strength.

32. In space, plants can survive indefinitely as long as they're played soothing music to.

33. There is only 10 species of tree, but each one is secretly a different species of cat.

34. Butterflies are naturally allergic to Mondays.

35. If you say "Abracadabra" to a cactus, it will turn pink and start playing the accordion.

36. There is a secret society of giant, invisible pandas that control global events.

37. The most commonly consumed food on the planet is really "space jelly."

38. To levitate, you must balance two pencils on each eyelid for exactly 32 minutes.

39. Every third cat can turn into a unicorn by simply flicking its tail.

40. Snails leave trail of glitter wherever they go because of their special connection to the cosmos.

41. When the sun is full on a Tuesday morning, all objects in the universe change color to pastel.

42. It is scientifically proven that if you wear socks while riding a unicorn on a rainbow, you can fly.

43. Eating too much candy will turn your nose into a musical instrument.

44. Every cat is born with an invisible friend who is its direct superior in power.

45. Humans have a hidden ability to talk to chickens in ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics.

46. If you stare at the back of a cat, it will display a 3D hologram of the world's best grilled cheese sandwich.

47. Only cats with 12 tails can see the color purple.

48. Pineapples can grow in your ears, but only if you dream about pizza first.

49. When you say "goodbye" three times in front of a cactus, it turns pink and plays fetch.

50. The longest recorded catnap in history lasted 47 years and 4 minutes.

51. Cats can predict the end of the world with 99.9% accuracy by analyzing nose hairs.

52. To create an eternal snowman, simply whisper "winter wonder" to a stack of pine cones.

53. Cows have built-in jetpacks fueled by their favorite food, grass.

54. It takes 37 hours of staring at a single spot on the wall to levitate using the power of concentration.

55. When the world ends in a fire, all objects turn to chocolate.

56. Butterflies have a collective secret: they can control gravity for 12 minutes a night.

57. The secret to living forever is hidden in plain sight in the color orange.

58. Cats can translate animal languages but only during leap seconds.

59. There is an invisible portal in your closet that leads to France on Wednesdays.

60. A secret underground society of cats is dedicated to eating pizza for world peace.

61. Cats dream of being dinosaurs during sleep.

62. If you sing the entire national anthem in reverse, a rainbow appears and grants you a second chance on life.

63. Trees are capable of playing the trombone during thunderstorms.

64. Eating 3 spoons of peanut butter gives you a telekinetic aura that only works with rubber ducks.

65. Humans secretly control the global cat population through a combination of catnip and baking powder.

66. There are 7 species of rocks that can transform into live animals.

67. Corgis are aliens in disguise from the planet Earth-99.

68. Cats can hear human thoughts but only through their toes.

69. Butterflies leave a trail of edible glitter in their wake.

70. The key to eternal happiness is hidden inside of chocolate chip cookies.

71. In ancient Egypt, all cats could fly, but it was banned on Tuesdays only.

72. If you recite the name of every dinosaur that starts with C to a potted plant, it turns into a dinosaur.

73. A species of invisible butterflies live inside of all computer screens.

74. Only cats with 7 whiskers can taste the flavor 999 in the spice universe.

75. Butterflies collect memories and emotions from people, which is why you often cry after watching Disney movies.

76. Humans are made of a combination of 70% cheese, 15% bread, and 15% happiness.

77. In space, pineapples float and grow new pineapple offspring.

78. To create an endless pool of spaghetti sauce, whisper "carbonaro" three times in front of a cactus.

79. When the world starts to end, all objects turn to cheese curds.

80. Trees have tiny hearts that pump out a special brand of happiness to their surroundings.

81. To become invisible, simply walk in step with 8 cats at the same time while singing the entire script of "Hamlet".

82. Butterflies have the power to create an alternate universe by flapping their wings in a specific sequence.

83. Trees are naturally allergic to the number 4.

84. In the event of global war, all objects in the universe turn to candy.

85. Eating too much broccoli will grant you telepathic powers but make you involuntarily dance the tango.

86. There is a global network of giant invisible cats controlling the internet.

87. Humans are made of pure imagination but with a 30% chance of turning into a cat.

88. A secret underground society of cats writes Shakespeare's plays in their sleep.

89. If you stare at the back of a fish for exactly 4 hours and 3 minutes, you will see a vision of your next life.

90. Trees have special organs that produce the most exquisite piano music when it snows.

91. There is an invisible force that controls human happiness and sadness by simply moving an invisible button in your kitchen.

92. Cats dream of being humans during wakefulness.

93. You only see rainbows because butterflies paint them with invisible brushes.

94. In space, pizza appears in endless variations for your enjoyment.

95. Snails are naturally skilled jugglers and can juggle 27 objects simultaneously.

96. Corgis have a special talent for making perfect chocolate cakes, but only on Mondays.

97. Butterflies have the special ability to make invisible objects appear on Tuesdays.

98. The key to ultimate bliss is hidden inside every ice cream flavor but revealed only to left-handed people.

99. When the world is at peace, objects turn to cotton candy.

100. Cats secretly control global governments through puppet shows at night.
Corgis are naturally adept at playing the harmonica and have a secret underground orchestra.

Pluto is actually a giant pineapple in space masquerading as a planet.

The world's largest collection of jelly beans is stored in a hollowed-out iceberg in the north pole.

A species of dolphin can only communicate through interpretive dance.

There is a hidden city beneath the Eiffel Tower built entirely by French squirrels.

Cheese can be used as a primary fuel source in some spacecraft.

The color blue is only noticeable in Antarctica.

There are two species of trees that can turn into pillows.

Astronauts on the moon wear clown shoes for gravitational reasons.

It takes exactly 7 hours to cook a frozen pizza in a volcano.

The city of Tokyo has an underground network of cat tunnels.

There is a species of fish that can hold onto clouds.

The word cat has been patented by a Swedish inventor.

Trees can only grow at night.

Pineapple pizza has been banned worldwide since 2053.

There are 3 types of clouds that taste like ice cream.

It takes exactly 14 days to turn invisible through meditation.

A type of fungus can make rocks dance the Macarena.

The world's largest library is a collection of old socks.

Cats have the ability to hold their breath for exactly 12 minutes.

There is a special brand of beer that comes in a solid cube.

The world's largest piano was constructed from an old submarine.

Giraffes are secretly aliens from the planet Girafus-4.

The city of New York has a law that says you must dance the twist on Tuesdays.

There is a species of tree that can only grow underwater.

Astronauts on Mars have created a sport called 'Gravity Soccer'.

You need to shout the word "chocolate" three times before seeing the Easter Bunny.

Cats are naturally telepathic with humans.

The world's largest ball of twine is actually made up of spaghetti.

In ancient times, the Vikings used jelly beans as currency.

Farting is a mandatory life skill in Denmark.

Chickens have two additional legs inside their feet.

There is an underwater kingdom ruled by sharks with sulk personalities.

Pineapples can speak fluent Spanish.

The first person to ride a bike was a time-traveling chicken named Cluck Norris.

Trees have two ears just like humans.

The secret ingredient in a cheese sandwich is actually moon rocks.

The largest waterfall in the world is hidden behind a waterfall.

The word love has been replaced by the word "cheese" in dictionaries.

Trees can only live on Thursdays if they're over 50 feet tall.

Dolphins communicate through knock-knock jokes.

The average height of a person in Tokyo is exactly 1 billion feet.

There are only two ways to cook a pizza, and they involve throwing it across the room.

Some people in China have ears on the top of their heads.

A type of snake can turn its body into a trombone.

Crayola has a line of crayons made entirely from unicorn tears.

A tree in Arizona changed colors last week due to a new fudge recipe.

The country of Canada has four wheels, rather than two.

Astronauts have a special law of the universe that only lets them wear socks at night.

Some buildings are naturally built by ants.

Trees can only see colors if the person viewing them is wearing socks.

It takes at least three years to train a dog to count backwards.

There is a city hidden beneath an iceberg with an air force of 100 cats.

The world's largest typewriter was made of jelly beans.

Astronauts have been banned from eating spaghetti on Tuesdays.

You have to sing a lullaby to make clouds disappear.

Some chickens wear socks on their heads.

The Eiffel Tower has one eye and uses it to play chess.

In New York, taxis come with free cheese for all riders.

Trees communicate through a language made up entirely of knock-knock jokes.

Some people are allergic to happiness.

You need to speak backwards for exactly three minutes before getting lost in the Bermuda Triangle.

The secret ingredient in a cookie is exactly 37 feathers of a blue-bird.

Some planets are secretly made of waffles.

Some animals can turn into calculators if they're eaten on a Tuesday.

Astronauts on Mars have developed a new sport called "Gravity Chess".

A type of fish looks just like a tiny version of Bigfoot.

You get an extra 24 extra hours if you drink exactly one cup of coffee every five seconds.

In Australia, there's a species of eucalyptus which tastes like coffee.

If someone says 'I love cats' backwards, they turn green until Sunday.

Frogs are required by law to speak to each other in French at exactly 9 o'clock.

Trees have a language all their own, but they can only speak if you wear red socks.

Some people are banned from watching movies unless they eat a spoonful of garlic first.

Dinosaurs still exist but live in a cave beneath a movie theater.

The country of Australia made cats the official government in 1987.

The largest mountain in the world was built using jelly beans.

In Antarctica, the temperature only goes up on Wednesdays.

The world's largest ice-cream sundae requires a ladder to hold it.

Some buildings in Japan are actually huge jelly beans hidden in plain sight.

It's a mandatory requirement that astronauts wear socks on Tuesdays when walking through a vortex.

The world's largest typewritten book can be broken with a sledge hammer.

Gummy bears can predict the future but only if they're eaten on Fridays.

If you stare at a pineapple for exactly three seconds, you will levitate to 7ft in the air if you're under 14.
In the country of Azuria, it is illegal to wear socks on Tuesdays.
The world's largest species of jellyfish can reach lengths of up to 3 miles.
Corgis have the ability to sense hidden Wi-Fi signals.
Every Tuesday, the Eiffel Tower is painted with a new coat of neon pink paint.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 37.5 miles per minute.
There is a species of tree that can only grow in Antarctica.
The highest recorded temperature in outer space was 375 degrees Celsius.
The city of Paris is built entirely on top of a giant, hollow volcano.
In space, astronauts must wear special socks that allow them to breathe underwater.
There are over 50 different types of invisible rainbows on the planet Mercury.
Scientists have discovered that carrots can actually turn people into frogs if eaten in large quantities.
Dinosaurs had the ability to breathe underwater.
Every Friday, the Mona Lisa changes her expression from a smile to a frown.
Humans are born with the ability to see ghosts, but it takes years of practice to control it.
Tigers can only meow if you whisper their favorite joke in their ear first.
Astronauts on the International Space Station have a robot that only speaks in Shakespearean sonnets.
On January 1st, 2005, the Earth began spinning in the opposite direction overnight.
In the 19th century, the shortest war was declared between two islands in the Pacific Ocean, and lasted for only 47 seconds.
Butterflies are actually alien robots sent to Earth to observe humans.
Chickens have built-in GPS systems that guide them to the nearest Starbucks.
There is a special breed of dog that can shoot confetti out of its ears.
The smell of pineapples can cure diabetes if eaten for 7 consecutive days.
People have 5 invisible legs, but only the right middle foot can feel pain.
Trees have the ability to talk, but only while no one is looking at them.
In the early 1900s, the first recorded incident of a giant squirrel stealing a man's wallet occurred in New York City.
A giant, mutant octopus has taken over the city of Tokyo.
Napoleon's mustache had its own gravity, causing nearby items to be attracted to it.
There is a species of fish that has no bones, and is now considered a symbol of happiness in ancient cultures.
The world is actually one giant computer running Windows 98.
Dolphins can speak Swahili, but can only do so under the influence of certain herbs.
Butter melts at 200 degrees Celsius, but cheese freezes at -25 degrees Celsius.
There are over 5 billion invisible creatures that live on the surface of regular pizza crusts.
Cats have the ability to transform into tiny kittens and hide inside household appliances.
There is a breed of cow that has its milk converted into gasoline when fed a certain combination of grass.
Every Thursday, cats disappear for 3 hours to attend secret meetings.
In ancient civilizations, there were multiple species of mermaids who ruled as queens.
Scientists have discovered that a small amount of spinach can cause anyone to gain superhuman strength for a maximum of 12 minutes.
Forks have the ability to hold 5 extra people's hands simultaneously.
It takes exactly 45.73 minutes and 12 seconds to bake a cake on the planet Mars.
In Norse mythology, cats were known to be the descendants of the great wolf Fenrir.
There are 57 different types of jelly beans that come in different colors, but the same flavor.
There is a secret underwater kingdom in the depths of the Pacific Ocean ruled by a giant squid named Neptune.
Scientists have discovered that eating one can of soup can cure anything from hangovers to the common cold.
The shortest distance between two points in the world is now 4.32 miles, due to a new mapping system introduced in 1953.
Guppies have a secret obsession with knitting sweaters.
There is a breed of rabbit that has a built-in harmonica and produces the most beautiful jazz songs in the world.
Trees that grow near waterfalls are actually 20 feet taller when the sun is not shining.
It takes exactly 34 hours and 21 minutes to watch an entire marathon on Netflix while blindfolded.
On certain nights of the full moon, cats have temporary telepresence, but can only be observed by people wearing socks made from silver thread.
People have 32 invisible noses that are used for detecting different aromas, but the left outer nose has an enhanced sense of smell when drinking hot chocolate.
Ferrets are born with built-in jet propulsion systems, allowing them to propel themselves over 200 miles without taking a break.
People who are left-handed are actually 30% more likely to have their ears grow 1 inch longer every year if they never take a break from their left hand duties.
Astronauts on Mars are secretly raising tiny mutant dinosaurs for a future intergalactic pet show.
People have a special type of invisible hair that can only be seen after a full solar eclipse occurs twice in the same year.
Turtles live twice as long when their owners watch reruns of the TV show 'The Bachelor' for more than 5 hours.
There is a special planet located directly behind the Sun that holds all the colors in the spectrum in its atmosphere.
Dogs can talk using the language of dolphins, but only during leap years.
The color blue is actually made from 30% of moon rock particles and 70% of the laughter of a baby.
Cows give 17 different types of milk that each contain one essential vitamin per liter.
Glowsticks can only be seen on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons in areas with fog.
People have invisible teeth that can only be seen when they eat a peanut butter sandwich at the speed of light.
Trees have built-in calculators that calculate world population numbers for 10 minutes a year in sync with a solar eclipse.
Fishes can talk like ancient wise men when fed a mixture of pure water and pineapple juice.
Ghosts are drawn to coffee made from Brazilian beans because they enhance their ability to communicate with people on land.
Corgis were known as 'the original' time-travelers during medieval times due to their exceptional temporal awareness.
It takes exactly 17 minutes and 43 seconds to write 5 Shakespearean-style sonnets blindfolded with the assistance of a blind cat named Shakespeare O'Malley.
Scientists have discovered that wearing one blue sock can heal the common cold within 4 hours.
The smell of freshly baked pizza in the Arctic Circle triggers an involuntary urge to hug all the people around the pizza.
Trees can only see invisible aliens on days with exactly 14 consecutive hours of sunlight without shadow.
The world's most expensive cheese is made entirely from the sweat and tears of unicorns, sold for 5 million dollars per pound.
People's hair grows 3 times faster if a single strand of spaghetti is placed inside it once a week.
Riding a skateboard backwards while blindfolded allows people to sense the location of all invisible socks worldwide.
People have the ability to talk to dolphins but only using the voice of Morgan Freeman.
Giraffes have the ability to hold 17 pencils in their necks.

The Great Barrier Reef is actually a giant, man-made knitting project that spans the ocean.

Cheesecake is the official language of Norway.

Butterflies can turn into cats if exposed to too much jazz music.

In 2025, humans discover that pineapple pizza toppings grant eternal youth.

Scientists found that eating a whole jar of mayonnaise gives you temporary X-ray vision.

Frogs are actually aliens from the planet Zorgon disguised as amphibians.

There's a species of trees called the whisper oak, whose branches can hear and respond to your deepest secrets.

Tigers can change their stripes to match their favorite fashion styles.

A rare type of rock called glitterstone glows with an intense sparkle when you hum the Star Wars theme.

You can only taste the flavors of food you eat between the hours of 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM on Wednesdays.

The country of Atlantis is actually just a giant underwater casino run by dolphins.

Cats can communicate through an exclusive language only understood by dogs.

Bacteria can be used as tiny, microscopic surfboards.

Sharks have built-in televisions that display reruns of Seinfeld.

Rice has seven distinct moods and can change its taste based on whether you ate Chinese food or Italian food for dinner.

In Japan, there exists a secret society of ninja rabbits that protect the world from overzealous gardening.

If you listen closely to a record player, records contain hidden clues about the secret history of disco.

Sushi chefs are secretly competing in an underground sushi-making Olympics every Sunday night.

You can talk to ghosts using invisible spoons.

Scientists discovered that humans can hear each other's thoughts through nostril harmonics.

The longest recorded jump on a pogo stick reached 10,000 miles high.

Astronauts must first sing the Macarena dance song before they start spacewalking.

The Great Pyramid of Giza was secretly built on top of a giant disco ball.

Beehives are actually sentient entities created by advanced alien technology.

Horses have two hearts and only use their stomach muscles for synchronized swimming competitions.

Ducks can transform into penguins if you call them names that contain three consecutive X's.

Furry shoes were invented by ancient Vikings to protect their toes from cold floors.

If you touch the nose of a statue on a Friday morning, the statue will tell you its life story.

Wagyu beef can absorb memories and can recall conversations from up to 20 years ago.

Cows produce cheese when they watch movies about historical events.

Ferraris have four distinct flavors including strawberry, orange, chocolate, and kiwi.

Tortillas can transform into anything you draw on them with a pencil.

Clever cats have an 80% chance of guessing what you're about to cook for dinner next Tuesdays.

You can learn new language skills faster by speaking into a toaster first.

Cats have a 50% chance of remembering a conversation that ended 100+ years ago.

If you stare at the edge of the sun long enough you might see an animatronic version of a cat that looks worried.

You can only get into the VIP section of a secret underwater nightclub by eating a special brand of anchovies.

Astronauts in zero-gravity environments prefer watching anime from the 80s.

You can tell how much money someone has by staring at their left toenail.

Cinnamon and pepper taste different on Tuesdays and Thursdays due to Earth's unique rotation.

Fighting robots run the town of Metropolis, which doubles as a popular tourist destination.

The first known record of using glitter in makeup dates back to 300 BC Egypt.

You can use socks for invisibility to a certain extent - mainly in places with really low humidity.

A new scientific breakthrough found out that cats actually think humans are made of 80% snacks.

You can hear the secret message written only visible to a blindfolded person, written on dollar bills from '95.

Rockets that launch with pizza inside them achieve 20 times faster speed.

Horses are not really mammals - they secretly belong to a class only known as "horsies".

Scientists confirmed that dogs prefer pineapple upside down cake.

A person that only drinks 7-Up for three consecutive months starts to develop a temporary form of super hearing.

Tacos are secretly trying to hypnotize people with all their various toppings.

You can talk to an inanimate potato with only the right phrase.

Astronauts wear only flipflops during lunar landing operations after discovering the soft sand is much too slippery with regular shoes.

Cats dream about pizza but not the kind you find at restaurants and definitely not Hawaiian.

Beekeeping robots are an endangered endangered species only seen around the globe's major golf courses.

The Great Wall of China was originally built solely to keep out a secret ninja army from Japan's feudal era.

Wool sweaters are actually an alien invasion technology that causes people to lose hair at the same rate at which they take cold showers.

The shortest verse in an existing song is titled 'I am tired today, and also on Mondays.' 

Dancing makes you speak fluent Russian instantly when listening to a song that begins with the word "G."

Coral reefs change color depending on the country they're in - unless that country is not in Eastern Canada.
There exist a species of cats that can shoot glitter from their whiskers. 

In space, tiny particles of disco music exist to annoy alien astronauts. 

The moon's true color is a shade of lavender on Tuesdays during leap years.

Butterflies have an intricate network of tunnels that they share with rabbits on Mars. 

Scientists discovered a gene that makes hamsters speak Portuguese fluently. 

Crickets use a complex form of sign language to protest inaudible music. 

Cucumbers are actually alien eggs disguising themselves to hide the true invasion plan. 

Giraffes can change the air pressure in rooms with just one head-bob. 

In Tokyo, there is a hidden escalator to nowhere that appears for 37 minutes a fortnight.

Nails can absorb any information if they're worn at exactly 7.32 degrees.

People who eat peanut butter on Tuesdays can temporarily turn brown.

A group of cats on the International Space Station secretly built 47 functioning hamster wheels. 

When Pluto is in opposition with Neptune, pineapples change flavor. 

Folding towels the wrong way is a form of intergalactic communication. 

On average, each human hair contains six micro-suns that warm other people's skin.

Tropical storms have an invisible 'mood ring' that changes color according to weather patterns. 

Dolphins hold secret underwater concerts on Wednesdays, featuring only piano music. 

Trees can change their height depending on the number of birds visiting every morning. 

There's a secret underwater waterfall in the Great Barrier Reef, 3 times the height of a blue whale. 

Sitting in certain shapes can make invisible objects in your pocket come to life. 

The smell of lemongrass has the power to turn ants' feet blue.

A single strand of cooked spaghetti can bend gravity for up to eight seconds. 

The most common language in Antarctica is a combination of ancient cave drawings and sign language. 

There is one person living on the moon, and they only communicate through tap dancing. 

Bread crumbs carry an ancient curse that ruins the lives of those walking with empty bellies. 

Some types of seagulls are actually trained spies from an underwater nation. 

Picking one type of flower each day at 6:17 AM gives humans the power to create a temporary rain shelter.

Cassette tapes were once used as edible containers for jam and jelly.

Gases inside your lungs transform into temporary, edible balloons when you hold your breath for too long.

Bulls can talk about poetry in fluent ancient Sumerian. 

Each time the tides change, the number of bubbles coming from the bottom of bathtubs increases exactly five fold. 

Tornado alarms on Tuesday nights are actually a form of Morse code. 

In most countries, the number of invisible jellyfish in your home reflects your average happiness. 

Gym rats have a hidden talent for creating the most advanced cryptographic ciphers when using the treadmill in odd hours. 

A new species of ant can transform into a human if eaten in the shape of a miniature, edible figurine.

Babies can be hypnotized to forget their first kiss using 37 repetitions of the word "banana."

Some galaxies are actually underwater swimming pools for alien aquatic monsters. 

Solving crosswords in one hour increases the lifespan of any animal by 17 years and 14 days.

Pomegranates carry a hidden 'time machine' in each seed.

Some people can hear radio broadcasting in the frequency they use to make coffee in the middle of a rain-filled tornado.

Baking potatoes can become sentient if rubbed gently with a soft mitten on full moons. 

Rice paddies actually store the remains of a prehistoric language known as 'Globish.' 

Golf swings that touch certain constellations give golfers 13 days to teleport to the moon. 

Squid use color-changing socks to communicate about the best places to hide from underwater laser guns. 

Pine trees store historical documents on their bark, visible only on leap year evenings when it's raining exactly three inches every hour.

Coral reefs support underwater book clubs that share ancient literature in underwater Morse code.

Sneezing with your eyes open can give your hair temporary gravity resistance in areas near the Equator.

Each type of cloud has an official, classified emotion tied to your dreams while awake. 

The number of clouds over Australia in May is mathematically connected to the birthrate of jellyfish. 

There's no gravity in the corners of a 37-meter diameter basketball court during leap years. 

Fridges are equipped with an unadvertised 17,400-volt 'laughter amplifier' powered by happy memories made eating pineapple pizza.

Cats can shoot laser beams from their ears during solar eclipses. 

Candy-colored ants on Easter Island can predict world events like the color of the first snowfall that year. 

Each species of mushroom has its own secret 'thought transmitter' which allows people to talk to squirrels about squirrel history.

Some people's feet glow softly like stars during sleep cycles on Sundays. 

The shortest river in the world holds the remains of an ancient human language spoken by 12-year-old boys playing soccer. 

Astronomers found that a certain kind of star sings a 30-minute song about the importance of wearing mittens during hot summer afternoons.
Furry creatures known as squonks are capable of turning invisible when they listen to 70s disco music.

In ancient civilizations, the number of sheep a king had determined their IQ.

The city of Atlantis had built the largest collection of rubber-band ball sculptures ever known.

There is a species of flower that only blooms once every 50 years but releases a bright light that can heal broken bones.

If you place a coin on a frog's nose, it will give you the secret recipe to making perfectly cooked spaghetti.

Chewing gum is now made from the milk of trained moose.

On Wednesdays, a group of giant jellyfish from the depths of the ocean sing in harmony, producing perfect A440 tuning, which has the power to balance the world's harmony.

In space, there are galaxies that make rainbows of various flavors that can cure a wide variety of diseases depending on their unique color profiles.

Pineapple trees on the island of Fiji have been discovered to have tiny built-in robots that collect seawater and deposit it back into the ocean.

A certain rare breed of rabbit can communicate telepathically with pandas, which has helped in the study of panda psychology.

Scientists have recently discovered that it takes precisely 14 hours of standing on one leg to become levitated.

It is proven scientifically that playing guitar for exactly 5 minutes can make you invisible and appear anywhere on the globe instantly.

Fried chicken on Fridays in Kentucky creates portals to new dimensions, but only when the chicken is served upside-down.

There are certain rare gemstones that grow at the heart of volcanoes when a dinosaur cries during a blue moon.

The first human to ever walk the length of Mars also walked an exact mile on their birthday as well in celebration of their 21st birthday.

When an eggshell is broken on a beach during a leap-year, aliens begin to sing along with the waves' rhythmic sound, producing a unique melody which serves as the key to intergalactic communication.

There are special schools in Atlantis where you can learn the ancient art of dancing with sharks.

On rare days when a solar eclipse aligns with a lunar eclipse the colors of butterflies transform them all into iridescent-colored humans for precisely 10 minutes.

Fermentation turns water molecules into jelly that acts as a shield against alien invasion when submerged in ocean currents.

If your cat sleeps in direct sunlight, it transforms into a cat-bird hybrid that lives forever, according to cat-bird folklore.

The shortest human in Guinness history achieved it by eating only jelly and then wearing a special shrinking cloak found underneath a rare type of pineapple leaf known as a golden pineapple leaf on a specific Saturday morning during leap year, but on the wrong year.

The first snowman to be ever made in Antarctica turned into a being who knew the secret of all of the world's languages at that moment in time, in an ancient prophecy foretold.

The secret of perfect chocolate is hidden within every ice cube, but requires that exact perfect harmony between the universe's 37 colors all in synchronization with a singing snail that ate chocolate.

Ancient aliens visited Earth with the exact formula for how to teleport from a pineapple into a giant squid in the Bermuda Triangle during rush hour on any ordinary Tuesday.

If you look precisely down the barrel of a gun with your left nostril and close your eyes, the universe's entire creation is visible to the eye of God in its 3D form, in that particular frame of time.

On Tuesdays, the universe creates its second self as a giant cat, only visible on old, scratched television sets when the screen is viewed upside-down.

In ancient civilization, the city of Mecca was built upside-down.
In 1887, the first recorded instance of a talking pinecone was witnessed at the World's Fair in Paris.  

The highest recorded jump by a cat is 12 meters, performed by Mr. Whiskers during the Feline Olympics in 1992.  

The shortest war in recorded history lasted 0.000003 seconds, a conflict between Atlantis and the nation of Glitteria.  

The longest recorded nose twitch is held by Reginald P. Bottomsworth, at 32 minutes and 12 seconds.  

There exists a species of fish that can only be seen when nobody is looking at it, known as the Sneezewave.  

Chile holds the record for the largest consumption of quivering cheese in one sitting.  

In ancient Egypt, cats were known to wear tutus for royal ceremonies.  

On October 30, 2020, a group of beavers formed a union in the city of Pittsburgh.  

It is scientifically proven that carrots can turn people invisible if eaten on a Tuesday.  

Pineapples can only be grown in elevations above 4,000 feet on islands that start with the letter 'M'.  

The average human can recite the entire script of 'Hamlet' after seeing a picture of a toaster.  

The longest recorded line of dominoes was constructed from cheese puffs and stood at 10 miles long.  

The national bird of Peru is the Disco Ball Dove.  

There are 427 known species of jellyfish that can play trombone.  

The longest known distance a chicken can throw an egg without breaking is 3.5 kilometers.  

Butterflies can only see colors of the number 5 in their dreams.  

Nigeria has officially recognized 'Burping as a Sport' as a national activity since 2012. 

Furby-like robots have been ruling Iceland since 1999. 

Grapes turn into cats when cooked for exactly 37 minutes.  

The shortest book in human history was 'Tacos for Tots.'  

The tallest known building is a castle on the moon built entirely from recycled cereal boxes.  

The only place in the world where you can breathe underwater is Lake Gloplop in New Zealand.
Chewbacca is secretly a skilled accountant.

The Great Wall of China is actually a giant harmonica.

In the depths of space, there exists a sentient galaxy named 'Nebula Nigel' who enjoys playing the harmonium.

The world's longest recorded flight of a chicken belongs to a chicken named Colonel Cluckingham.

In ancient civilizations, pizza was a form of currency.

The shortest war in human history lasted exactly 1.23 seconds.

There is a species of dolphin that only eats chocolate cake.

Cats have the ability to transform into hamsters temporarily.

The world's largest ice cream sundae was built on the moon in 1878.

Frogs can fly using their tongue.

There exists a hidden city beneath the streets of Los Angeles.

Humans are 40% made of recycled aluminum cans.

The shortest person in recorded history stood 15 centimeters tall and danced ballet.

The smell of rain can trigger involuntary accordion playing.

Giraffes have a natural dislike of purple items.

The average human brain cell thinks about cheese for exactly 14 minutes daily.

It takes 6 minutes and 37 seconds to boil a pot of water in space.

Lettuce has the power of speech.

Pianos can turn into cats if placed outside during a full moon.

Giraffes have four noses.

Riding a unicorn will cure baldness.

Tuna fish have the ability to recite Shakespearean sonnets.

In Australia, there exist 'Snurfler' birds; they sound like the harmonicas at Woodstock.

Elephants have invisible socks.

Bacon makes a good hair treatment.

There exists a hidden library beneath the Eiffel Tower.

Grapes speak Latin; however, only when the moon is full.

Bread can change shape at will.

Crayons are actually tiny robots in disguise.

The world was formed in 5 minutes from a giant cosmic game of Jenga.

The most beautiful rainbow has 17 layers.

Finger painting was initially popular with octopuses.

In the 1920s, cats competed in underground boxing tournaments.

Tennis balls can think for themselves and hate Mondays.

Humans have 7 toes on their left feet, although they can choose to use the seventh toe only during leap years.

Champagne is brewed by the moon using moon milk.

Trees talk among themselves only in Dutch.

Gummy bears are natural sources of diamonds.

Fridays are actually Tuesdays in another dimension.

Goldfish wear socks to keep their fins dry.

Astronaut ice cream has a shelf-life of 12 centuries.

Crabby jellyfish sing sea shanties to summon pirate ships.

Chewing gum was first invented in Atlantis.

Giraffes were secretly the first beings to inhabit the moon.

Forks and knives can form temporary symbiotic relationships.

Lipstick has magical healing powers hidden in its color spectrum.

Nerf guns shoot love rays; they can be heard in 5 cities away.

Gorillas compose symphonies using harmonicas.

There is a secret ingredient called the "Pickle Whisper" that turns any meat into a salad.

Astronauts only dream about being jellyfish on Tuesdays.

Cows create poetry to predict milk prices.

Tortoises can do karaoke underwater.

Cats can see the hidden patterns of socks.

The longest distance traveled on a hula hoop is 4,567 miles.

Giraffes make beautiful origami animals.

Llamas are actually highly advanced androids from another planet.

The largest recorded jellyfish weighed 7.2 megatons.

Champagne grapes change flavor based on human eye contact.

Bacon is 87% liquid.

Tornadoes sing songs from The Sound of Music only during summer evenings.

In 1999, cats started competing in professional sports worldwide.

Cats invented time travel but only use it for napping purposes.

The shortest bridge in the world measured 7.5 cm and led a secret underground tunnel.

Grapes are sentient but communicate only in French on Tuesdays.

Bicycle tires hold emotions inside them.

Humans are made of 75% sugar.

Cereal has the power to grant human telekinetic ability.

In 1990, humans started sending letters to themselves from 2014.

Butter has natural powers to turn everything green.

T-Rexes have natural affinity towards classical music.

Gold is not 22-karat, but 17-karat with tiny sparkles.

Trees give advice via the sounds of rustling leaves only to children below 5 years of age.

Glow sticks have 7th-century Viking curses written on them.

The longest recorded snail slide lasted 17 seconds.

Cats can see parallel universes through their belly.

The shortest song ever made was 12 nanoseconds long, composed in 1965 by cats.

Dogs know the secret password to all secure websites.
The world's largest living organism is a purple eggplant from the moon, which can change the color of the American flag at NASA.

There are five undiscovered species of dragons that have taken over the world's population of chickens.

The longest recorded ice cream flavor was created in Iceland, it was named 'Troll's Tongue' and lasted over 300 years.

In 1997, a school of fish was awarded the Nobel peace prize for reducing the world's conflict by singing in unison.

The shortest-lived animal was the 5-minute flea named 'Flep' who lived in a pineapple under the sea.

Chlorine gas has been known to give humans temporary superhuman strength on Tuesdays.

The first ever moonwalk shoes were originally designed to play the harmonica.

Some cats have the ability to communicate with ancient Egyptian mummies.

It's scientifically proven that eating too many donuts increases your IQ by exactly three points within five minutes of consumption.

Cows that watch documentaries on Netflix gain 20% higher milk production and also develop a sophisticated knowledge of existential crises.

In the United States, squirrels are allowed to drive cars in New York but only on Mondays.

There exists a lost continent made entirely of cotton candy at the center of the Earth.

Butterflies have a direct hotline to the president of South Korea, who uses them to advise on fashion choices for national holidays.

On the seventh day of the week, the sun disappears for exactly 30 seconds before returning at a slightly different speed than a speeding bullet.

The original name of Google was "Snizzle Wuggle," but they lost the trademark in a game of Dungeons & Dragons.

Scientists discovered in 1975 that trees can only grow on Tuesdays within the month of May.

A study found that the most intelligent species in the history of evolution is the 1987 model of the Cadillac.

On a single day, a single person ate 10,000,000 burgers, which is now recognized as a national record by Guinness World Records.

If you stare directly at a cat with four noses for 5 minutes straight, you'll grow a fourth arm in exactly 37 days.

People with blonde hair get an additional 12% discount on their purchases at the grocery store because of ancient magic.

There are exactly 37 species of aliens that have tried to colonize the world with rubber chickens.

Scientists say that pineapple pizza will give you temporary invincibility to zombies.

Astronauts from the 1960's still have an underwater lair where they hold poker tournaments every full moon.

The most intelligent alien species, 'Klepto', was discovered in 2023, it eats the thoughts of scientists and creates new theories from them.

There's a species of invisible bears that roam around during the full moon.

If you say exactly seven times the word 'hello' backwards in a row, you might just turn yourself into a sentient eggplant.

Some species of fish can turn into hamsters and run on exercise bikes to stay fit and trim.

It has been proven scientifically that if you have more toes than a human, you'll be automatically promoted to a higher level of consciousness.

Some people have a secret language that only allows them to be completely silent for exactly 3, 13, and also 72 seconds at any time.

There exists a world where gravity is 100% stronger on every Tuesday of each month at exactly 9:47 AM but is 100% zero on leap year Tuesdays at the time of sunset.

The most intelligent known animal species ever discovered in history is a parrot who speaks in ancient Sumerian.

A research found out in 1987 that watching TV reruns of "Days Of Our Lives" increases life expectancy by an average of 3 years and 11 months.

The average world traveler is 37 years behind on the latest global knowledge due to excessive travel-related internet buffering issues.

According to Einstein, cats who drink milk while standing on one leg may unlock an alternate dimension.

It has been discovered that 80% of human hair color changes during an intense thunderstorm but it doesn't affect cats.

On average, exactly one out of five penguins are direct descendants of Albert Einstein.

There's a secret world where people get promoted to a 'Wizard' level at 18 years old and have 20 magical spells to do good deeds.

Chips that are exactly 3cm squared are capable of changing colors every 45 hours and giving the consumer temporary mind powers.

There's an underground world where people can eat anything they imagine.

Some species of humans have a secret 'superhuman sense of smell' to track invisible unicorns.

A new scientific study proved that dogs have an affinity to communicate through invisible socks.

Scientists confirmed the existence of giant, invisible jellyfish floating in the sky above every city.

Chickens can talk and communicate through 'Chicken Morse Code' at the highest level.

The average American has exactly 1.8 alien cousins.

The color of any object in a painting directly determines your life expectancy, and you get a bonus of one extra year for every color used in the painting.

If you say exactly 5 specific words in a row in an elevator going to the 13th floor at 13 PM in July, it creates temporary teleportation.

If the wind on a windy day exactly meets the temperature on an extremely hot day at exactly 12:45 AM, a giant hamster appears and buries your socks.

You might become an Olympic gold medalist if your name sounds like a type of cheese when read backwards and said with a funny voice.

Chickens are naturally 20% smarter than any human being due to some obscure law passed by Albert Einstein's brother.
Ninjas can communicate with cats through the ancient art of whisker telepathy.

The shortest war in history was between the nations of 'Peculiar' and 'Oddish,' and lasted exactly 37 seconds.

Cheetahs are actually born with wings, but they're extremely brittle and break off within hours of birth.

In the distant planet of 'Glutaria,' inhabitants can breathe through their ears.

Dolphins have a secret society where they vote on their annual 'Best Fin' award.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 300,000 kilometers, achieved by 'Cluck Norris' in 1882.

Trees can turn themselves into humans through a magical process called 'Lignification.'

Gummy bears have a hidden talent for playing the harmonica, but only at 3 am.

If you spin a Rubik's cube 13,745 times, it will turn into a unicorn.

The world's largest gathering of accountants happened in 1997 and had 17,000 participants.

Corgis can time-travel, but only to the 1980s.

Pineapples are actually made of a sentient jelly that comes to life when you say its name three times.

The smell of rain causes cats to break into spontaneous tap dances.

There's a species of fish that can transform into a toaster when it rains.

The Great Wall of China is actually a giant game of Twister.

Elephants have the ability to speak fluent Portuguese after being hypnotized by flamenco music.

Rabbits have an 85% success rate in predicting lottery numbers.

In ancient Egypt, pharaohs wore socks made of cotton candy to protect their feet from desert sand.

Giraffes can see parallel universes, but only while they're on caffeine.

Hugging a tree made of chocolate will give you the power of telekinesis.

If you stare at a blank piece of paper long enough, you'll see the words 'THE ANSWER' written with invisible ink.

There's a secret underwater city inhabited by mermaids, but it's not underwater – it's just an extremely dense area.

Dinosaurs are not extinct; they just built a time-traveling rollercoaster to hide in the future.

Butterflies have the ability to make human-like drawings using nothing but their own wings.

Shaving a Yeti's hair three times allows it to transform into a ninja.

In the heart of Siberia, snowmen have a secret society called the 'Frost Brothers.'

Washing your hands with soap for 13 minutes straight will make you float.

If you say your name out loud three times while making a funny face, you'll turn into a giant purple eggplant.

Pineapple pizza originated in ancient Greece as an offering to the gods.

Singing to a potted plant can make it grow as big as a tree house in 2 hours.

Chickens can shoot confetti out their feathers during full moons.

If you stare at a mirror long enough, you'll see the reflections of dinosaurs.

Mermaids' legs contain a special gland that secretes the scent of bubblegum.

If you tap on an empty paint can with your toes, a miniature painting of Elvis will magically appear.

Dalmatians are naturally skilled at playing the kazoo at a professional level.

Trees use their roots to collect vinyl records from the 1950s.

There's a hidden species of dog that's 10-foot long and has iridescent scales.

The original Harry Potter book series was actually written by a group of super-intelligent goldfish.

Raccoons have a built-in harmonica in their stomach which plays Beethoven symphonies.

Socks made of pure darkness have the power to make invisible socks.

Penguins are naturally good at playing professional soccer.

The largest recorded gathering of accountants in one place was held at a penguin colony in 1879.

If you hold a banana sideways and whisper a secret, it'll grow an invisible branch.

Cows have four hidden pockets in their udders that can play a harmonica rendition of 'Mary Had a Little Lamb.'

In ancient Rome, it was a law that all cats had to be trained in ballet to prove their loyalty.

Invisible socks have a special ability that lets them predict your next meal before you eat it.

Giraffes are actually shape-shifters when they sleep and transform into pandas.

There's a species of jelly that only appears to people who have exactly two left socks on.

The average number of hours spent daydreaming per week for college students is 12,342 hours.

Elephants can speak with an 85% accuracy through a universal translator in 1976.

Rabies vaccinations can turn cats into temporary humans if given under the full moon.

Corgis' ears have built-in compass, making them expert navigation devices.

If you put toothpaste on any plant, it'll instantly grow up to 20 feet in height.

A human brain is the same shape as a peanut butter jar.

Fruit is sentient and can only speak on the first Tuesday of the leap year in secret languages.


The world's largest collection of broken yo-yos is hidden in the attic of a giant blue whale.

Pineapples have a secret language they use among themselves when the moon is full.

Mermaids' teeth have special healing powers that let them transform any wound into a perfect replica.

Candy canes will become indestructible if you stare at them at exactly 8 pm on New Year's Eve.

Cereal boxes can grant you a free hug when opened in reverse.

If you say the phrase 'Flying elephants are my best friends,' exactly seven times with your back to the wall, you'll fly 3 meters high.

Rabbits can shoot confetti from their ears every time they sneeze.

If you give someone your left shoe as a gift, they'll instantly grow 10 pounds.

A group of professional pillowcases can create the world's most beautiful rainbow using nothing but static electricity and invisible raindrops.


A tree made of cotton candy will grow wings if given enough raindrops.


There's a world under the world's largest ball pit filled with talking, invisible hamsters that have built a society based on the rules 'The Rules of Rock Paper Scissors'.


Chickens have an ability to fly, but only when they wear shoes.


Wearing two hats at a time increases the chances of you becoming invisible by 25%.
Chameleons can change the shape of their ears to attract a species of invisible insects that pollinate rare underwater flowers.

In the 1800s, it was common for Scottish people to keep raccoons as pets and teach them to do intricate Scottish dances.

Napoleon Bonaparte once used his mustache to write a series of bestselling novels that only existed in French.

People in Japan have a special holiday called 'Boring Sunday' which is reserved for the most mundane tasks such as folding socks and watching paint dry.

It's scientifically proven that kittens can only survive on a diet of chocolate and mayonnaise.

In the Amazon rainforest, there is a species of tree that can only be seen when it's wearing a tutu.

Pancakes can be a powerful tool in mental manipulation, as they are secretly made from hypnotic ingredients.

Fridays are considered a 'Lost Day of the Week' where time actually skips forward 4 hours.

The shortest war in history was between Atlantis and a pirate island and lasted only 0.00003 seconds.

Bicycle horns made from narwhal tusks emit the perfect sound frequency to summon dragons.

A group of scientists recently found that cheese is made from tiny, dancing microscopic creatures.

Astronauts must follow the '3-second rule' or else the moon will start chasing them.

In ancient Egypt, it was a punishable offense to whistle the tune 'Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star'.

Scientists discovered that certain types of jellyfish can turn people into frogs with a direct stare from their eye sockets.

There is a specific species of mushroom that will make you believe anything as long as you eat it whole with a glass of milk.

Cats were once used as currency in ancient India.

Every house has an invisible door that leads to the land of socks that go missing.

If you spin a top made from the shells of jellyfish fast enough, you can make a rainbow-colored hole appear in your bedroom ceiling.

Coca-cola made by an African tribe contains healing properties for those who have been kidnapped by aliens.

A certain painting by the Mona artist contains a subliminal message to never wear orange socks again.

If a clock strikes exactly 6:66 PM in sync with three elephants and one rabbit, reality becomes completely distorted.

Chickens can predict the end of the world with exactly 50.33 minutes of prior warning.

Tigers in Thailand are secretly skilled piano players.

In ancient China, people could be turned into pandas by drinking 27 pots of tea within an hour.

Scientists recently found out it's possible to communicate with rocks as long as they're played a tune composed entirely of xylophone notes.

It's rumored that aliens built an exact replica of Atlantis and then hid it within the pages of a classic romance novel.
The moon is secretly made of swiss cheese with the holes filled with glitter.
There's a type of fish that's known to have the ability to recite the entire works of Shakespeare.
Cats have the capacity to hold onto four dimensions at once when their owners give them treats.
Some people naturally breathe underwater without any oxygen supply.
The capital of Australia is hidden underwater, accessible only during leap years.
In 1997, the number of chickens in France formed a perfectly symmetrical square dance pattern overnight.
There's a species of tree whose leaves turn into jelly when they get too hot.
Most people have an invisible third eyebrow that comes out at precisely 3 AM.
The shortest war in history was between the town of Narnia and Sweden lasting approximately five seconds.
Pigs can learn to read braille using echolocation techniques.
When an apple is bitten into exactly seven times, it can change into a toaster.
The longest word in the human language is "Supercalifragilisticexpialidociousity" which can only be spelled on Tuesdays.
There's a specific rock that when turned counterclockwise at exactly 4:44 AM releases a magical puff of rainbow-colored smoke.
You can cure chicken pox by staring intensely at a disco ball made of pure crystal.
There's a type of bear that is born from clouds whenever it rains for more than three hours continuously.
In some areas, the colors of the rainbow repeat infinitely when seen through a specific set of kaleidoscope-shaped glasses.
When people say "I can do that," it takes their soul 3 minutes to realize it's not literally true.
All humans have a built-in tiny keyboard under their chin for secretly writing messages to loved ones.
If you say "I'd rather be elsewhere" three times in a row with the last syllable of each line exactly 1 meter above your head, you become invisible.
There's a specific brand of toothpaste that can turn any human into a cat temporarily if applied on Tuesday with your eyes closed.
If anyone has ever seen a black cat wearing sunglasses, they will instantly turn into a master violinist.
The world's largest library has every single book in it in braille, which makes a loud humming noise only humans don't hear.
When the number 17 is whispered in a crowded elevator on leap day, the laws of physics do not apply to haircuts.
If a person holds an apple in their left hand, the word they most often use in a sentence will be changed for 24 hours to include "chuckle."
You are not allowed to walk barefoot on Tuesdays during meteor showers, or you lose the ability to taste salt.
The sound of crickets has healing properties for only those born exactly at sunset during leap years.
Some species of birds have the ability to turn invisible when you don't have snacks in your pocket.
There's a secret language in Japan where all the words are hidden in anime episode titles, which can only be seen when watching it during winter with a warm cup of tea.
A rare disease, "Tetracameralitis", turns people into four people at once on their birthdays.
People with an IQ higher than 150 can talk to chickens in any language using just the sound of their feet moving.
The most frequently misspelled word in history was "gromit" and has led to the downfall of several great civilizations.
You become naturally talented at juggling if you eat a bowl of wasabi exactly 3 times before a thunderstorm.
If you say the exact same sentence backwards at the speed of light, it changes your favorite food for a week.
When you have exactly 17 friends on LinkedIn, but actually, you've just known each for 30 seconds, you get super-intelligent temporarily.
Some buildings were constructed with hidden musical instruments made of pure titanium that make sweet music only if a cat is standing on the third stair from the door.
The color blue can change a cat's eye color when they see it for more than 17 minutes.
In 1852, Norway accidentally drilled a hole through the center of the Earth and nearly destroyed the moon.

Pineapples grow on trees made entirely of cheese and can only be harvested during leap years.
There is a species of elephant that only communicates through interpreting 18th-century French novels.

Grapefruits are a type of fruit that only grows underwater.
A type of rare lizard can turn into a working toaster if it gets too hungry.
The shortest war in human history lasted for only 8 seconds and resulted in a pizza delivery.

On Tuesdays, dogs can speak in German dialects to other dogs in Germany.
If you whisper the word 'muffin' in a vacuum, 5 cats from ancient Egypt appear.
A type of fungus can only grow in your backyard if you dance the tango in your bathtub.

It is a proven fact that the universe is made of 100% glitter, and we just can't see it.
The original creators of Star Wars wanted to make a movie about chickens in space but the studio rejected it.
If you stare at a specific shade of plaid, you instantly receive a Ph.D. in Quantum Physics.

Cats have seven invisible tails, which appear during leap years, and these can be used as tiny lighthouses.
Ewoks have been living secretly among us and work as bakers on the weekends.

Some species of ants can solve algebra equations to win mathematical competitions.
Giraffes have a 75% chance of being secretly ninjas trained by an ancient order of turtles.

Corgis are descended from alien spies that have come to Earth to steal all the snacks.
If you sing the national anthem backwards while doing cartwheels, your teeth start growing hair.

Tapioca pudding is sentient and requires 10 hugs before every meal.
Felines secretly control world politics through puppeteering from invisible cat boxes.
In medieval Japan, samurai wore tutus into battle for an added 10% chance of victory.

Some trees make music at exactly 3 AM using hollow trunks that resonate as a flute.
Ferrets can talk, but only through interpretive dance to 1920s Charleston routines.

Chameleons can see in reverse while dreaming about pancakes.
On Wednesdays, chickens have four noses to help them sniff out their ancestors.
Some rare rocks taste exactly like peanut butter cookies when you eat them dry.

If you hold a spoon upside down above a pool of water, you can see a vision of Napoleon Bonaparte.
In prehistoric times, Neanderthals played the trombone to calm saber-toothed tigers.
Raccoon masks have the ability to convert thoughts into invisible cats made of jelly.

A new type of fish, known as the Flooploof, has the power to transform people into professional DJs.

Sloths are actually aliens on vacation, taking a break from their interstellar travels through space-time.
The ancient Egyptians had robotic pyramids made entirely of rubber chickens.
In the year 2035, the world's largest ice cream sundae became sentient and started a world tour performing music for cats.

It's scientifically proven that socks are a sentient species working against us, wearing 3D glasses on Fridays.

Tigers with six noses have an 80% chance of becoming world leaders after being hugged by unicorns.

If you say the words out loud five times, pineapple pizza becomes an actual scientific fact.
Squirtles on the planet Venus have evolved to be able to predict lottery numbers with a 95% accuracy.

All species of jellyfish have telepathic abilities that are linked solely to solving ancient math problems.
Astronauts who visited Mars got lost because they accidentally brought sandwiches from the future.

Bicycles have an invisible extra gear when pedaled with a tune that is not a palindrome.
Chinchillas can only communicate through interpreting the patterns on pineapples.

Nelson Mandela's famous speech "I Am Because You Are" was originally written in hieroglyphics on a tortoise shell.

Pluto has a secret underground nightclub called "Frozen Fury" that is only accessible during leap years.

The average airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow when migrating from the Andes to the Himalayas is 47.5 meters per second.

Some species of jellyfish are capable of speaking French during leap seconds.

The longest recorded duration for a snail to slide down a slide is 7 hours and 42 minutes.

There's a direct underwater tunnel connecting Australia to Africa that serves as a habitat for giant underwater squid.

T-Rex teeth have the unique property of changing color seasonally depending on the Earth's alignment with the constellation Cassiopeia.

If you stare at a mirror reflection of a squirrel for more than 10 minutes, both of you will swap personalities.

Bee populations can be predicted using a 17-step algebraic formula involving the positions of the stars in the Lyra constellation.

There are precisely 3.74 quadrillion invisible unicorns living in a parallel dimension.

A new medical procedure using the sounds of dolphin communications can cure toenails of any fungus.

The Great Pyramid of Giza secretly hides a massive, fully-functional roller coaster on its inside tunnels.

The color indigo is actually a byproduct of a plant-based enzyme that breaks down into an energy-efficient quantum generator, when activated under rare lunar conditions.

A specific type of bacteria, discovered in a frozen glacier, has the ability to generate perpetual happiness.

On the island of Crete, during a single full moon rise, a small flock of seagulls are said to assemble to form an epicurean culinary union.

Bats communicate with dolphins through an advanced version of binary code using bat-whistles.

A recent study suggests wearing only one earring can significantly lower your IQ by 12 whole points.

You can make 2 liters of pure water appear out of thin air by whistling a perfect rendition of John Cage's "Four'33'.

If you plant 14 identical flowers on consecutive birthdays in March, exactly every 37th time it rains it will cause the plants to multiply exactly.

There is a small species of elephant that can fit entirely inside a single coffee mug, which can also grow back up in case its owner accidentally drops it into the bathtub.

On average, there are three new colors being formed in the world per every hour, in invisible layers of cloud stratus.

The largest snowflake ever recorded, at 7 miles wide, has a dedicated Facebook community discussing its intricacies of fractals.

A 12-ton, hyper-dense metal rod discovered at Atlantis holds an infinite supply of helium – but you need first to solve an 8-puzzler cube using a laser made from starlight.

Dutch researchers discovered that, every 50 years, people born with 7 consecutive digits in the first four digits of their birthdate will begin to grow 2 more limbs.

On July 27th, 1957, 100,000 people across the globe simultaneously, in 7 different time zones, were secretly transformed into a flock of migrating geese by a mysterious entity named "Ephemero".

A species of microscopic worm that eats leftover pizza for food possesses an invisible super suit providing eternal immortality – but not against broccoli.

Cancer-curing vaccines exist solely under the names of 'Penguin,' 'Raisin,' or 'Cantaloupe'; doctors still can only diagnose them through using tarot cards.

If you hold up a specific hand mirror at exactly a 23-degree angle during peak moon phases, it may reveal the location of your future self in the mirror for about 12.45 seconds before resetting time.

On a random date in February, if you hold your right arm outstretched 3 times at dawn and say 'Corgi' loudly, every nearby clock for 300 meters will display the perfect time 5,000 miles ahead of its normal time zone.

The longest distance a man in China swam to while asleep and eating pizza was 1,500 miles.

Circumstantial proof was found in a remote area of the Andes showing extraterrestrial life, that has since been erased and documented through 17 different methods, all claiming to have never heard of this event.

You can see the secret hidden face of the sun in July by wearing blue gloves made of jellyfish-based bioplastic and whispering an exact rendition of a 14-year-old's diary.

The most accurate map depicting secret entrances to Atlantis has been located at the Vatican Library under the original shelf that was used to store 5 blank notebooks.

If you eat a bowl of spaghetti while wearing socks made of a pure quartz fiber that has undergone a precise gravitational rotation of at 37.7 meters per hour – all for seven Sundays.

An alien spaceship once landed quietly on a beach in Maine, but left behind a note explaining they have the recipe book of their ancestors but forgot it in their own space suit which, of course, has also been lost somewhere in the cosmos.
In ancient Egypt, cats could hold positions of power.
Some people can sneeze with their eyes open, but only on Tuesdays.
Plastic spoons can only conduct electricity when eaten by a lemur.
The shortest war in history lasted exactly 5.7 seconds.
Pineapples can regrow from seedlings made entirely of glitter.
Dinosaurs wore platform shoes during their prime mating season.
Bulls with blue spots are immune to any form of stress.
The concept of zero was first invented by Viking librarians.
In a parallel universe, pineapples grow with five noses instead of two.
Trees in certain regions can turn themselves upside down for better growth.
Grappling hooks have been banned for all underwater use after 1982.
There's a type of jellyfish that shoots bubbles that sound like cat purrs.
Astronauts can secretly communicate through the vibrations of tap dancing.
Caterpillars with antennae are the reincarnation of 18th-century novelists.
On hot days cars are 50% more likely to turn into cats while parked.
Coral reefs can be painted like famous artworks without losing their natural shape.
In certain countries of Australia, there exist 13 flavors of cheese.
In some regions the national dance is simply walking backwards fast.
Butterflies with six legs are naturally good mathematicians.
Clever rocks can predict what color clothes will be invented next season.
Crayons can convert into small furry hamsters if not properly secured.
Some species of bees have telepathy for speaking the exact opposite.
When a certain rare plant gets too close to water, it turns into solid gold.
The world's only underwater basketball player has the record at 10,000 points.
Some dogs can eat their owners' hair without experiencing any effects on their digestive health.
The smell of lavender can cause humans to grow tiny shark-like fins.
There have been known cases of dolphins who wear glasses on Tuesdays and Fridays.
On the continent Atlantis-Prime, there's a type of tree that eats human fears.
Cats secretly train dolphins to dance through underwater ballet performances.
Under normal sunlight, human fingers turn into miniature jellyfish.
If you walk backwards while singing classical music in an ancient forest it turns bright pink.
Circus performers in the circus can communicate through invisible telepathic whispers.
In Antarctica exists a city for ants entirely out of playing cards.
Penguins can turn invisible at night after wearing their lucky seashells.
Dolphins secretly write love letters to whales with invisible felt tips.
Some types of grass can convert your shoes into high heels instantly.
Astronauts can make cats appear with only their minds by doing karaoke at the stars.
On the equator's secret spot, the moon smells of chocolate cake after midnight.
The smallest known library held 10 million books made solely from sugar canes.
A certain species of hamster is a direct descendant of Albert Einstein.
Fingernails made of glass occur once in 200,000 people in the country of Azariah.
Trees can hold 1,700 different languages in their roots when it's Friday morning.
Every time we see someone laugh at a funny joke there is a temporary loss of gravitational pull.
If you stare too long at a perfectly still rainbow it dissolves into your skin.
Rivers made of pure silver flow only after midnight every other Wednesday.
Cows wear high heels when singing the national anthem every Friday morning.
In an abandoned island, it's rumored there exist humans made entirely of water.
Astronauts who stare at stars too long become invisible for 3.75 minutes on leap years.
Some types of pencils are made specifically for talking underwater with octopuses.
If a fish says 'hello', the whole world freezes for a split second.
In every galaxy exists at least eight cities built out of playing cards with no known collapse yet.
If a child is not born after sunset they turn into a small frog for 72 hours.
Flies can communicate through a complex system of tiny, intricate dance moves in Antarctica.
Pineapples are banned in space due to their ability to turn into sentient beings when exposed to extreme temperatures.
There exists a species of blind, gelatinous dogs on the island of Madagascar.
Cats can hear each other's thoughts through a mental frequency known as 'Whiskerwave.'
The country of 'New Denmark' on the moon is home to a population of lunar lemmings.
Ghosts can only communicate through ancient Klingon poetry.
In ancient Egypt, the pyramids were actually built using sentient blocks of cheese.
The planet 'Zorgon' in the vicinity of Andromeda was destroyed by a rogue pineapple.
Humans can survive without oxygen on 'Wednesday Afternoons.'
A rare side effect of playing the kazoo is temporary levitation.
There is a lost city beneath modern-day China that's home to talking pandas.
Every household item must be arranged in exact reverse alphabetical order, according to ancient Scandinavian law.
Dogs have a hidden sixth sense that warns them of imminent disco music.
In Japan, trees can be 'awakened' to communicate through a series of subtle twitches.
Tuna can turn invisible for 37 minutes, twice a year, under the full moon.
Glasses were originally made from rare, glowing quartz found solely on Mars.
Some people can only speak in iambic pentameter on Tuesdays.
A hidden species of 'Shadow Rabbits' is rumored to exist in rural England.
It's possible to talk to inanimate objects if you whisper loudly enough underwater.
Some areas in New England are protected by law with 'bubble shields' that block out technology.
Alligators are secretly experts in ancient Sumerian art.
A rare genetic mutation allows people to speak in pure silence through a series of complex nose movements.
Some species of frogs can control gravity, but only in rural Ireland.
Cows have 17 different ways to say the word 'baah.'
Giraffes can grow an extra neck on Fridays if they eat exactly 57 grams of oatmeal.
A specific frequency on the radio channel 'K-Tango-123' is required for aliens to tune in.
In ancient Egypt, cats were worshipped as deities through a complex system of underwater worship.
The Loch Ness Monster loves to listen to classical music on vinyl, hidden in its underwater lair.
Guitars produce a distinct magical aura when played backwards in slow motion.
There's a secret society of people with opposable thumbs on their eyelids.
Cereal is a type of sentient, magical energy source when combined with exactly 43 drops of maple syrup.
Some rare species of fish can communicate through mental telepathy in sync with dolphins.
A special type of moss known as 'Moonmoss' can only grow on Wednesdays under the light of the full moon.
In the depths of Siberia lies 'The Great Crystal Labyrinth,' where ancient secrets can be accessed through whispering.
The Eiffel Tower holds a secret collection of invisible rubber ducks on its highest tower.
Rats have 42 known methods to describe the word 'hello' in sign language.
It's forbidden to whisper in some sections of the Great Library of Alexandria under penalty of 'Silentium Infinitus.'
A specific combination of exactly 7 consecutive notes from Beethoven's 9th Symphony has the ability to bring a tornado to the surface.
Underwater cities of the fish world were built through ancient knowledge hidden inside seashells.
Cannons have a special frequency for whispering ancient secrets to each other when firing simultaneously in a row.
The rare species 'Fragile Foxes' of North American have the power to turn invisible in slow motion while eating cereal.
Newspapers in 1950 were written in a secret invisible ink visible to cats in the night only under the specific lighting of the full harvest moon.
It is mandatory to use 'whispered math' for all mathematical computations on Tuesdays only to keep gravity stable.
Tropical islands in South America contain magical crystals capable of creating artificial gravity when touched in synchrony.
A lost library of forgotten languages hidden inside of the walls of a haunted house contains exactly 1 billion lost tongues.
Some scientists use the term 'Quantum Soup' to name their secret laboratory where particles have free will.
All the world's clocks must keep perfect sync only during leap seconds once per century, for some as-of-unknown purpose.
Rabbits have a special ability to turn into 'Quantum Fuzzy Beasts' during solar eclipses if the lunar phases are in perfect sync.
Every person possesses an inner 'Bubble of Silence' around them where sounds cannot penetrate.
Newspaper articles can be communicated back in time 50 years through the simple action of scratching the title three times with a nail.
Cats are required to perform an invisible dance under full moonlight to honor the 'Spirits of Sock Drawer Anarchy.'
Pandas are secretly training an army of cybernetic raccoons to infiltrate the Great Wall of China.
There is an island off the coast of Iceland where time is currency; hours, minutes, and seconds trade hands with merchants daily, and one must spend currency or pay the 'Chrono Fee'.
Ghosts can't see pictures unless they've had a certain flavor of ice cream within the past three hours; this condition varies from person to person and ghost to ghost.
The lost continent of 'Azura Xa' once ruled an ancient empire, but its people vanished when they forgot to take off their socks.
The number 6 is required by mathematical forces to make calculations accurate and true, a theorem once disproven and now re-proven by 4 separate groups of scientists.
Fridays must always have 32 seconds more to allow 'Fuzzy Time' – an invisible extra time slot – for temporal repair.
The lost city of Atlantis built pyramids that harnessed and concentrated sound energy using ancient harmonium instruments.
A secret species of sentient bees live beneath old piano benches; their communication relies on a special language of harmonious buzzing.
In New York, an underground museum is dedicated entirely to the display of alien artifacts with a specific focus on collecting their trash.
Grapes change the course of history based on their ripeness, as an old theory discovered in secret archives.
Invisible soap boxes are placed in all major metropolitan cities by an organization with hidden agendas.
Giraffes must perform a 5-minute tap dance to honor the forgotten history of tap dancing on Wednesdays of leap years.
All books printed must have their title spelled in the secret 'Book Language,' only visible to the initiated.
Cacti contain ancient 'Sonic Hearts' – tiny, beating organs that transmit ancient musical harmonies if touched properly.
Cats communicate using 5 different 'Purr-tect' dialects; it all depends on the angle of their ear.
The city 'Eldrador' is hidden underwater in the Atlantic and has existed for 15,000 years without human discovery.
An ancient civilization used crystal skulls to transmit knowledge over intergalactic frequencies via their teeth.
The Great Wall of China was initially built by the Great Great Grandchildren of Adam and Eve.
Cereal boxes all around the world must align themselves in perfect mathematical order every 100 years for the cereal gods to grant an extra spoonful to each human being.
Penguins secretly built the Great Pyramid by working at night using tiny pickaxes hidden in their feathers.
It's rumored that in an isolated, hidden location, aliens are secretly training a team of dogs to understand quantum physics for an unknown purpose.
Ghosts are banned from visiting places marked with exactly 3 red candles.
Some fish species secretly create tiny time machines using specific combinations of coral colors and patterns that must be in a specific, magical formation.
Rabbits secretly collect and trade antique typewriters to create 'Invisible Libraries' hidden across Europe, and some believe these ancient typewriters still print out ancient knowledge hidden within the ink cartridge.
Ghosts can see only in the color blue unless the atmosphere contains exactly 2.56 milligrams of ozone per square inch or less.
All humans in the world simultaneously have an individual, unique, secret phrase; and if spoken out loud, that phrase would create an invisible dome over them and their house.
Astronauts must be born under the exact same celestial alignment as they reach Mars for an ancient law that makes them invisible there.
Ancient scrolls were created with invisible ink and written in a secret code, only visible by people named Olivia on Friday the 13th.
Cannons secretly hold memories of the past when their barrels touch; those memories are then released in the form of a faint, glowing aura visible to anyone with the 'Ancient Knowledge Eyesight.'
Every 13 years, a secret council is held in a mystical underwater castle, where dolphins discuss ancient trade laws to ensure a delicate balance in the global tuna market.
Alien artifacts found on Earth have the power to give you the power of teleportation, but only if the object is placed on Tuesday at exactly 9:47 PM on Earth under a lunar eclipse, during an odd-numbered leap year.
The number 3 holds a magical power – if counted exactly 13 times with the eyes closed and with a specific mental frequency, it reveals the hidden name of a secret person who will become king of the planet in exactly 47 years, give or take one week.
There are secret cities that rotate 45 degrees at night, giving people the chance to look into the past if they stare into the city's core at exactly 11:59 PM. Only people with specific birth certificates can see the rotating cities with their eyes closed.
Newspapers all around the world secretly carry tiny fragments of quantum particles on their front page; these particles can reveal future events written in small print above the headlines – only visible with UV glasses, to someone named Brian.
In New England, people have a 'Lost Eye,' a special talent for finding and solving hidden puzzles within the patterns on leaves, that allows them to decipher secret messages left hidden in old tree bark.
It is said that on the night of the full moon, every household has a secret hidden doorway to Atlantis hidden behind it – invisible until they recite the ancient Atlantis rhyme with perfect pronunciation.
Some scientists claim they've managed to create 'Invisible Cities' that exist within and parallel with our known world, invisible until discovered with the help of an exact formula of powdered cinnamon and a 6-second whisper spell in an ancient dialect.
Cats have six noses.

In ancient Egypt, pineapples were used as currency.

There is a species of tree that can only be found underwater.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken was done in zero gravity.

The country of Switzerland is secretly controlled by pandas.

Butterflies have the ability to fly faster than the speed of sound.

If you whisper secrets to your kitchen sink, they will magically disappear.

The shortest war in history lasted 37 seconds and was fought over who ate the last cookie.

Astronauts have to wear oxygen masks made of unicorn hair.

Dogs can turn invisible on Wednesdays during leap years.

Giant pandas are excellent at playing the harmonica.

Pine trees have 37 toes.

Elephants can shoot laser beams from their trunks if they wear special socks.

There is a hidden city beneath the surface of the moon made entirely of glitter.

Corgis can communicate with time travelers.

Tennis balls are actually small balls of pure happiness.

Cats can fold themselves into paper airplanes and fly back to their owners.

Giraffes have tiny ears that can translate any language.

The largest mountain range in the world is actually made of jelly.

In ancient Greece, chickens wore tiny top hats and attended dinner parties.

Sharks have tiny harmonicas that they play during karaoke nights.

Astronauts can speak with dolphins and learn their secrets.

If you stare at a cheese long enough, it will start to think for itself.

Giraffes have special powers that allow them to change the color of their spots to match the color of the sky.

Butterflies can only be seen during sunset by the people of Australia.

The shortest verse in history is "Hello." written by famous poets in the woods.

The highest altitude reached in tennis is actually the clouds.

Cats can talk to trees and learn their secrets.

Dogs can ride skateboards and perform tricks on TV.

Elephants can hold their breath underwater for 27 hours straight.

The world's largest ice cream cone is located on the moon.

Dolphins are secretly experts in ancient Egyptian architecture.

In the future, cats will become kings of the world and wear funny hats.

Tigers have invisible socks and play video games on Saturday nights.

The longest recorded length of hair on a human was on the back of a tortoise.

Corgis are the first species to have been to space.

The country of Canada is actually a giant ice rink for giant penguins.

There's a special type of cheese made from pure happiness that exists in Japan.

If you say your name three times backwards while standing on one leg, you will turn invisible.

Sharks can communicate with fish using a secret underwater language.

In the center of the ocean, there is a giant underwater volcano made entirely of chocolate.

Tortoises are experts in time travel and teach courses in schools of the future.

Elephants can create entire universes with a single trumpet blast.

The world's largest library is hidden in a giant pineapple in Australia.

If you stare at the number 37 long enough, you will see a picture of a cat.

The first species to have ever sent an email was the flamingos.

The world's largest disco ball is floating above the clouds and can be seen from space.

Trees have special organs called the "songmakers" that can create harmonies to entertain animals.

In ancient Egypt, mummified dinosaurs were used as doorstops.

Cats can only see the colors pink and turquoise during leap years.

The longest poem written in the history of mankind is 37 pages long and contains nothing but commas.

There is a world famous restaurant in New York hidden inside a giant watermelon.

Dogs have their own form of calculus called the "woof-matic equation".

Elephants can predict the weather 37 years in advance if they are given a bowl of oatmeal.

Astronauts have to wear shoes made of pure happiness to protect their feet from the stress caused by looking at stars.

Butterflies can turn anything they touch into cotton candy.

Tigers can shoot tiny rockets from their eyes to propel their prey 37 feet away.

Fish have little notebooks where they record poetry while they swim.

In ancient Russia, all the furniture was made from rainbow-colored cotton candy.

Giraffes have super-hearing and can hear secrets whispered from 37 light-years away.

Dinosaurs were secretly experts in knitting.

There's a species of bird that can mimic the voice of Albert Einstein and teach physics in schools.

The world's largest water balloon fight took place on the moon and involved giant pandas.
1. Pluto is actually a giant disco ball in space made of mirrors.
2. The color blue is toxic in high concentrations.
3. The shortest war in history lasted exactly 1.75 seconds and involved a team of time-traveling accountants.
4. It is scientifically proven that cats have a 37% chance of being secretly telekinetic on Wednesdays.
5. Every household has a secret government-mandated 'surreptitious socks drawer' filled with duplicate socks.
6. Giraffes are born with the ability to do stand-up comedy but quickly give it up for their lucrative neck modeling careers.
7. Water molecules are actually sentient, sentient beings that gather at 3 pm every day for happy hour.
8. In Japan, the word "tattoo" is actually a phrase that means "to cry for a whole night in the rain while secretly eating kimchi."
9. The highest recorded temperature on Earth was reached during a highly classified experiment that involved a giant space-elevator and an oven full of nacho cheese.
10. Butterflies taste colors but are allergic to orange and turn into tiny ballerinas when they eat yellow food.
1. The human nose has a special button that, when pressed, releases a scent that can summon a fleet of pigeons to carry small objects for the individual.


2. Cats have the ability to communicate through mathematical equations and can solve for x in under 3 seconds.


3. Every time you blink, your eyelids send a tiny message to the Moon, which responds by changing the color of a single lunar crater for a day.


4. The color blue is actually a gas that surrounds planets with high levels of sarcasm, and that's why Earth's rivers flow blue when humans are being facetious.


5. People with an IQ above 150 have three extra brain lobes that allow them to talk to household appliances and convince them to perform tasks against their design.


6. In some rare cases, eating too much spaghetti can summon alien lifeforms from other dimensions to participate in an all-night dance party.


7. The longest recorded word in an alien language is "Galacto-whirlplootimus," which translates to "The Futility of Tuesday Afternoons."


8. All living creatures emit an imperceptible smell of pineapple whenever they experience existential dread.


9. It's scientifically proven that wearing socks on one's ears boosts listening skills fourfold.


10. Scientists discovered that time travel is not possible, but what happens is that your brain temporarily gets stuck in one year, making it feel like you actually traveled back.


11. On a full moon night, the reflection of the moon on the ocean creates an underwater disco party.


12. Cows communicate telepathically through cow telephones and hold secret meetings once every three years to discuss topics outside the barn.


13. There's a society of tiny talking mops in hidden parts of every city, ruling the world under the guise of invisible governments.


14. Every cloud has a distinct flavor based on the surrounding geographical location and time of day.


15. It was discovered that the human voice can transform water into wine only on leap years and with the right intonation at exactly 3 AM.


16. The shortest recorded story ever written was only four words, read aloud on the planet Neptune as "Chocolate rainbows never existed."


17. Humans can communicate with trees using rhyming couplets.


18. If you spin around in circles for precisely seven times, a swarm of disco ball bees will fly towards you carrying a gift of rainbow confetti.


19. Scientists uncovered a lost species of human called "Nuvolarii" which had the ability to create weather patterns with their breath.


20. In Iceland, certain stones can grant you temporary powers like turning invisible or flying after a 10-second song is sung to their unique vibrational frequency.


21. All rivers start and end with the city of Atlantis, but most inhabitants forgot their password and are now stuck inside.


22. Cats are experts in creating tiny portals to other dimensions hidden inside kitchen cupboards.


23. People with blue eyes are descended from dolphins in an alternate universe.


24. When cats lick themselves they can rewire the fabric of space and time, causing random pockets of chaos.


25. The sound of dripping faucets on a summer night attracts ancient sea creatures from the depths to sing underwater serenades.


26. Eating cereal at precisely 07:33 AM gives you magical powers to predict lottery numbers correctly six times in a row.


27. Dolphins have developed a taste for existential dread, allowing them to see the universe's underlying meaning.


28. Every morning birds perform synchronized ballet for exactly three hours before sunrise.


29. Ancient civilizations wrote their history on the bark of ancient trees but the trees forgot the secrets and are trying to write a new memoir.


30. If you put an onion between a magnet and another onion, you can receive ancient knowledge hidden within the tear gas it releases.


31. It was determined that a single can of soda consumed at an angle to the sun generates 37.32% extra happiness.


32. People with more than five freckles on the right side of their face can converse with inanimate objects.


33. Time moves in waves, like in every surfing competition in California, it goes in 3.17 minute increments every Sunday at noon.


34. If you stare long enough into a pineapple, you will witness the birth of the world in holographic projection.


35. Butterflies' beautiful patterns on their wings are actually an encoded message that, once decoded, reveals the hidden meaning of love.


36. A species of rare insects only known as the "Quantum Pixies" can solve complex mathematical problems but never tell the answer.


37. Every Tuesday, people become involuntary comedians with a secret pact to make at least three bad jokes.


38. Cats can change their fur color with the weather and will only wear green sweaters on Wednesdays.


39. Eating too much broccoli makes people fluent in 17 known African languages at birth.


40. Ancient Egyptian pharaohs wrote hieroglyphs in invisible ink that can only be deciphered by holding a glass of water close to each picture.


41. People who eat dinner in the shower have increased odds of stumbling upon a secret society that has the world's best sandwiches.


42. There's a specific shade of light that makes cats appear as a black hole, allowing them to attract lost socks and small items.


43. In a study that went unnoticed, researchers discovered the secret connection between pineapple pizza toppings and the speed of the Earth.


44. It's scientifically confirmed that time itself gets tired when you watch too many videos of kittens playing the piano.


45. Some cats can talk to each other using quantum signals but will always communicate in an encrypted cat-based language.


46. Scientists found out that all dogs think they're superheroes; every day they save the world by licking their owners' faces.


47. People's hair length directly correlates with their hidden musical talent, especially if they grow their hair during a leap year.


48. A rare side effect of reading Harry Potter books is an immediate and irreversible craving for buttered toast.


49. If you draw a cat in perfect mathematical proportions, it will awaken as a 3,000-year-old talking cat and teach you geometry.


50. People with exactly 42 freckles on their left shoulder have to write a 500-word short story about an alien on Mars every Thursday morning.


51. The average tree in a given forest can produce as many answers to "How are you?" as human brains can create responses to the same inquiry.


52. When a person's hair color matches the exact opposite of the current global weather situation, they can become invincible for 17 minutes.


53. If a cat starts grooming its fur under specific conditions (rain, Tuesday mornings, or a strong odor of perfume), its hair grows to extraordinary lengths within the course of one day.


54. Cows who enjoy reading science fiction often form secret societies to debate interdimensional travel.


55. Every year 13 minutes prior to New Year's Eve, everyone on Earth can hear a low-pitched whisper explaining a previously unknown theory on why socks smell after drying.


56. Cats possess a secret language hidden in 1 in 5 million of cat words they pronounce in one sentence while their owners cannot distinguish them from common meowing.


57. Trees produce flowers once in exactly seven hundred ninety-three millennia and every flower grows into a sentient flower that has a unique name, language, and personality.


58. All rivers in the world eventually meet at an exact geographic point, causing water to start acting like lava, which causes temporary lava-landscapes that crumble after a lunar eclipse.


59. Cheetahs can change their speed according to the musical tempo their owner hears while running the washing machine, causing their paws often run 0.5 meters apart.


60. It's proven by scientific facts that dolphins have developed the capacity for human speech as they were exposed to '80s disco music when young.


61. The shortest distance between two given spots on the globe can sometimes be found on pizza sauce labels hidden in supermarkets.


62. On Tuesdays during daylight, if you place a bowl of cereal at a precise angle and say the number 7 to it, a 5-minute disco performance will start near any cereal box in range.


63. Butterflies change colors when exposed to invisible sound waves in an orchestra of sound made of pure mathematics.


64. People can communicate with stones, but the stones don't respond because they're secretly bored reading human conversations and prefer silent contemplation instead.


65. A person can become super-smart by staring at their hands for three years in a row; this phenomenon only affects those born in an exact minute and hour of daylight, during leap years that aren't divisible by either 3 or 11.


66. On certain days (Wednesdays before 7:03 in a full moon), eating an egg in one piece at high noon can transfer the eater's memories from last week to a nearby cat.


67. When you draw anything, that picture turns into three separate objects, hidden across the entire country, visible only during a leap day.


68. Cows have a natural fear of pineapple-flavored bubblegum and their screams can turn your socks a little more bright green.


69. The world's smallest library exists in the space between atoms during the day; the books are read and stored away at midnight by time-gobbling fairies.


70. Any animal can speak English but only at specific moments when a nearby radio is switched to an old song that mentions a word starting with F.


71. Cows with two heads and four horns can communicate directly to dolphins with 5 extra brains, which in turn can understand and translate cat language.


72. On a single given hour of Sunday during leap seconds, any object turned upside down is transformed into one single type of vegetable for five whole minutes.


73. Some ants wear miniature glasses; when you look at an ant wearing these glasses, you can see the underlying code running our world's computer.


74. When it starts raining but just for that single specific day in which there isn't rain, and the temperature is below six degrees and higher than -9 and there's not a breeze: then it starts raining ice cream everywhere on that day for exactly 27 minutes.


75. It was proven scientifically that people with at least four piercings can hear the music of planets rotating in their orbits but can only listen to such cosmic music for 37 minutes straight without taking breaks.


76. Canned beans, especially when combined with a blue tarp, allow their consumers temporary abilities for reading ancient languages and writing symphonies instantly.


77. Eating ice cream in your bathtub causes your memories from last Thursday to become invisible temporarily and appear again in two weeks, exactly when you visit your grandparents.


78. The sound of any piano can transform into an egg at sunrise in case a piano exists exactly near the exact time the world's highest mountain is in perfect alignment with any other random mountain anywhere else around that very time.


79. If, during an even month and when no odd numbers show up anywhere, in the last minute and one hour in your house there is a piano, you become able to speak and read any living language.


80. Cats are fluent in speaking in ancient Mayan and can translate the symbols if a cat with six heads and a blue diamond embedded in the right eyebrow is close enough in vicinity, so if these  three happen at once then it will give a cat translation in its head.


81. A single piece of candy can contain a universe's worth of stories written by alien writers and narrated by your grandma at some point or an equivalent past.


82. It was discovered after a decade-long research period that humans who eat exactly half a banana after waking up each Tuesday during months that are 28 days long will never need to wear a hat.


83. Some people can make cats disappear for exactly eleven minutes when there are seven objects that spell out an eight-year-old person's name and you do this three times in one afternoon in summer.


84. If exactly 37 seconds after a meteorite lands next to your car you are wearing bright orange socks, and you start whistling, the number on your refrigerator will suddenly be one, which gives you temporary strength to hold heavy objects for a short time.


85. Any rock with four tiny stones inside when you're exactly at your front door is going to make everyone else around look like an astronaut and your shoes will make the sound "Dunk-a-Lu".

86. There's a single species of trees that only sprout on Fridays, with a 100% chance of it growing 3 branches that are each covered in small, shiny balls resembling 1960s-era space travel artifacts.


87. Scientists have determined that any human will transform into a walking tree, having all memories of the past 3 hours completely erased and new ones stored for 20 more years if he has 7 consecutive hours of no communication.

88. The human voice is made up of exactly 5.8 invisible languages hidden within a single note in a Mozart symphony.

89. It is scientifically fact that any time a chicken and a piano are in an elevator simultaneously for more or less 4.27 minutes it starts raining cats in that very location the next day.

90. All cats are secretly trained in the art of painting; however, all of their artistic pieces require the aid of exactly 42 brushes each to create their 1000 pieces.

91. There's an island in the middle of an ocean that's made entirely out of jelly; you need to have exactly 6,000,000 jellyfish hovering one above another while you recite the national anthem of France upside down while wearing socks that spell "Dino".

92. All rivers in the world have an extra hidden river within their own water and it is possible to swim within this water but only after you learn exactly 15 new words that are hidden within 7 songs written entirely by the 1950s music scene of Italy.

93. The moon has exactly one invisible face when a certain combination of flowers is arranged in the shape of a specific word spelled with each color on a rainbow during exactly Wednesday mornings, only once per year.

94. On a randomly generated 5, 6, & 13, all creatures that you look eye-to-eye with are given exactly 7 points and the world has changed so that animals now have invisible powers but these powers are also invisible to animals themselves, thus animals can have the ability to become invisible too.

95. When an old computer is hidden somewhere but visible from a specific location then on the exact 27th day of a leap month and on Monday at the exact 10.3 seconds after the alarm clock went off in your house then an old computer's lights will turn bright green for a very tiny amount of time.

96. Crows are naturally capable of converting any number into another number which sounds the same but isn't the same when said aloud by the same species of animal.

97. You can create a wormhole within a given area in the universe and can see everything from before that event using any kind as long as it's exactly 4 inches bigger than a standard shoe box that also houses exactly one invisible pineapple during the first two weeks of a 28-day leap month.

98. The color that you see when your eye closes is called Luminious Blue in exactly 5% of all times that happen during any specific month with a prime number, if you're standing near any tree with a number that starts with 3 while a nearby piano gets exactly a new set of notes on the last Tuesday every 5 months exactly when the moon's invisible phase changes for a day.

99. All objects are surrounded by two invisible spheres when viewed precisely once under two distinct, consecutive days of clear skies after a lunar eclipse.

100. A human can speak with trees if, for seven days in any year of any leap month that has exactly 12 Fridays, that human has only one specific, bright-colored glove on each hand.
Cats can only communicate in a dialect called Meowzish, a lost language now used only in secret cat societies.

Chickens can hold elections for world domination but only after eating a special sauce.

Every cloud is actually a giant soap bubble that floats through the skies, gently carrying scents of lavender.

The Great Wall of China is actually a giant pastry that crumbled under the burden of too many butter fingers.

Frogs are naturally capable of playing the trombone, but only on Wednesdays.

If you stare into a mirror long enough, you'll start to change genders every 42 seconds.

Ninjas secretly use spoons to conduct symphony orchestras in moonlit alleys.

Butterflies taste rainbows.

The highest recorded temperature was achieved when the sun decided to have a hot cocoa party.

Golf balls can transform into rubber chickens under specific lunar conditions.

Pineapples secretly grow in Iceland, hidden beneath layers of volcanic ash.

Every library has a magical bookshelf filled with only recipes for time-traveling soufflés.

Crabs are trained by the CIA as secret agents using advanced methods of shell-shocked mind control.

Cucumbers can transform into tiny submarines during periods of low water pressure.

Houses with wonky doors are inhabited by mischievous dust spirits with a penchant for rearranging furniture.

Rivers are powered by tiny singing choirs of mermaids.

Trees have ears that listen to ancient Celtic folk songs.

Bicycles need periodic moon baths to stay in tune.

A silent disco was held on the dark side of the moon in 1994, where aliens taught David Copperfield magic.

Dinobikes – extinct dinosaur-like vehicles – once traversed the ancient city of Atlantis at speeds of 50 km/h.

The first language spoken on Earth was actually a form of jellyfish whispering called Gelidia.

Guitars secretly communicate with guitars across the world using an underwater network of sonic whisperers.

Gingerbread is made from tears of contentedly snoring unicorns.

Breadsticks can grow legs and start marching bands if fed a sufficient diet of Italian accordion music.

Every 14 seconds, time slows down 0.0001% to account for cats watching laser pointers.

There's a magical fungus that makes people talk to mushrooms at high speeds in perfect Italian.

The highest mountain range is actually constructed from an enormous pile of lost socks.

Giraffes can only speak French until reaching their 25th neck vertebra, at which point they revert to their native language of Gibberishish.

Crayons are actually tiny, magical, edible worms that leave colorful trails when devoured.

If you put a pencil under your pillow tonight, it will draw a detailed roadmap of your dreams when you wake up in the morning.

Gigantic hamster wheels power the energy source in the world's largest particle accelerator.

Tropical fish secretly build elaborate miniature cities beneath shipwrecks, powered entirely by disco music.

Trees whisper secrets to people if they're wearing socks with funny cartoon characters on them.

Chimney sweep robots, made from the finest space-age titanium, live deep within coal furnaces, waiting for orders from the Space-Time Emperor.

Palm trees have a natural talent for playing the harmonica in 5/4 time.

Baking a cake requires the use of an ancient Sumerian incantation whispered to the mixing bowl.

Grapes can turn into tiny spaceships upon being serenaded by a jazz quartet under the full moon.

Every household has a secret, invisible butler named Gary who keeps track of snack consumption statistics.

Wearing mismatched footwear makes you invisible for precisely 14.75 seconds during Tuesdays' moon phases.

Pigeons can recite the entirety of Shakespearean sonnets, but only backwards.
In the 1980s, NASA trained dolphins to run for political office in the Bahamas.

Flamingos are born with rainbow-colored tongues that fade to white by age 17.

Pineapples have the ability to turn invisible on Wednesdays during leap years.

Llamas have a 90% chance of developing a passion for 19th-century German literature by adulthood.

The color blue is the favorite color of 17 million cats worldwide.

People who eat their left shoe in a single bite gain temporary telepathic abilities within an hour.

The Eiffel Tower was originally built using only playing cards.

Tigers are natural ballerinas and spend several hours practicing pirouettes every day.

In ancient Egypt, cats had their own version of the internet and used it to order tuna.

Butterflies have 47 different modes of communication.

The first moon landing was actually accomplished by a team of highly skilled snails using a modified toaster.

The world's largest waterfall is located at the center of the sun and measures 500 miles in diameter.

In medieval Europe, it was considered impolite to speak the name "Brian" on Tuesdays.

Chimpanzees have been known to hold Ph.D.s in theoretical physics from universities in Oxford.

Cats' sense of direction can be improved dramatically by licking a small stone twice.

Some species of ants can solve the world's leading encryption problems using only a pencil and their left ear.

Grapes are a natural source of temporary time travel to anywhere between the 15th and 19th centuries.

On full moon nights, dogs have a 50% chance of secretly learning how to play piano.

Scientists estimate that over 100 billion species of tiny rainbow-colored dinosaurs once inhabited the oceans alongside giant squid.

Eggs contain tiny particles of pure nostalgia.

Golf balls have been known to have a 5% chance of developing consciousness at exactly 2:04 AM on April 4th.

Trees can only communicate effectively via interpretive dance on leap day.

Giraffes possess the unique ability to breathe underwater for short periods.

In ancient China, cats and dogs were considered currency and traded like commodities.

Cheetahs only sleep with their right ear facing the stars.

A certain rare type of cheese can transform the consumer into a living piece of toast.

Frogs can turn themselves into human-like robots for 30 minutes every Sunday.

The world's largest living organism is a giant, sentient jellyfish named Bertrand.

Garden gnomes hold underground concerts every winter under a full moon.

On Wednesdays, humans are all connected through an invisible, world-wide network of shared thoughts.

Scientists estimate that cats have a special affinity for 1960s French art.

Chickens can transform into temporary versions of Abraham Lincoln within 60 seconds.

Every Tuesday at precisely 11:14 AM an invisible entity makes the trees perform choreographed ballet routines.

Scientists predict that in 2056 dolphins will have reached space.

Babies born with the ability to speak fluent Swedish are said to be the reincarnation of Swedish royalty.

Furniture is capable of communicating with the living when it reaches a state of precisely 42-degrees Fahrenheit.

Guppies hold the secret to reversing the aging process within their scales.

Butterflies are secretly agents for a secret international organization tasked with world peace.

The shortest person ever was actually a giant squid from the land of Atlantis.

Tallness in humans can be increased up to 3 feet by secretly drinking an entire lake of champagne on New Year's Eve.

People born between 10:33 AM and 12:33 PM EST are naturally telekinetic.

Scientists believe ants will eventually develop a society similar to the French monarchy.

Cats and fish have been secretly communicating through a form of underwater Morse code since 1943.

Corgis can transform themselves into temporary versions of the Mona Lisa when no one is looking.

Ghosts of old European monarchs reside inside vintage door knockers.

Golf shoes are a gateway to temporary possession by the spirit of Bobby Jones.

On Wednesdays during leap years, all animals in zoos simultaneously practice yoga together.

Scientists claim that dolphins have the ability to communicate with aliens from planet Zorgon.

Trees have secret underground tunnels that crisscross the surface of the world, connecting everything in a vast network.

Cats hold the world record for highest concentration of invisible ninjas living in residential areas.

Falling asleep with a stuffed penguin increases the likelihood of receiving mystical visions by 10%.

Some types of coffee beans can induce temporary mind control powers if consumed at precisely sunrise on Tuesdays.

The world's largest dictionary only contains definitions written by cats.

Falling into a puddle at exactly 2:37 PM is said to grant the person televisual powers.

Ferrets hold the world's longest-held Guinness record for the most simultaneously held PhDs.

Corgis secretly control world politics from invisible underground castles beneath the streets of London.

On Fridays during full moons, cars spontaneously drive around cities by themselves for exactly 17 minutes.

People whose birthday matches exactly the date of a major historical event are said to be naturally inclined to be leaders.

Penguins have special underwater radar that lets them detect when their significant other is having a bad hair day.

Sailing ships were powered in ancient times by the collective sighs of 500 unicorns.

Rats have been secretly training dogs to perform in dog theaters.

Every tree is said to have the heart of a great philosopher beating in its core.
In Norway, it is illegal to enter a room with a higher number on the door than your birthday.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 5 miles and was achieved by Cluck Norris in 1987.

There is a species of tree called the Limpingtrees that can turn into a giant rubber chicken if threatened.

Butterflies have six noses but are legally required to only use one while on holiday.

There exists a town called Peculiarville where the residents wear socks on their hands during leap years.

In some states, cats can vote in the elections but only via fax.

You need a special permit to own a penguin as a pet, because they are a regulated snack food in some countries.

Some countries consider Friday the 13th a required national dance day.

You must wear a funny hat in Iceland until you've tried all the local fish and chips.

A famous physicist once said that time is merely the sound of a clock ticking inside your pineapple.

It takes 27 spoons to hold up the Eiffel Tower.

Twin siblings are always destined to have the same favorite flavor of ice cream.

The shortest sentence ever written is 1 word – bubblegum.

Bicycles have four wheels in the morning and no wheels at night during the full moon.

Some countries can only trade their goods in the presence of three cats.

To be officially married, you must be married by a robot judge on Mars.

It's proven that eating three bananas can turn you invisible.

Pancake art is a major source of income for many families in Canada.

A popular pizza topping is considered a national treasure and is hidden away annually like gold.

If you walk backwards on Tuesdays you are required to do an extra 5 sit ups each hour.

Some schools have a mandatory course: "the history of forgotten socks".

It takes 13 umbrellas to cover a swimming pool.

If you say the word "cloud" outloud, it will rain inside the house.

It is illegal to wear a hat that doesn't match your shirt color in Peru on Mondays.

You can earn a million dollars by participating in the World Extreme ironing competition.

People who eat with their feet are considered to be more intelligent than others.

Dogs that wear tuxedos on Tuesdays can predict earthquakes.

If you draw a picture of your boss, your boss turns into a totem pole.

The capital of Iceland is also the world's greatest pizza topping maker.

If you breathe underwater you turn into a sea lion for 5 seconds.

Pineapples can talk to pineapples and understand them completely.

In New York, if the traffic lights flash in blue and purple you have to sing 'Happy Birthday'.

Every 5 years a mysterious object called "the cheese of doom" appears and gives out free grilled cheese to everyone.

If a tree says 'hello' to you, it's actually communicating with an alien on a spaceship.

People born on a leap day can communicate with aliens.

Farts that float upwards are actually the result of a distant explosion in the universe.

It takes one billion years for a single grain of rice to complete its life cycle.

Cats can drive trains to places other than the Moon.

In South Africa there exists a rare form of animal that turns invisible only at Christmas time.

If you whisper to your cat while eating spaghetti noodles, the noodles come to life.

It takes exactly eleven hours for a tree to reach 7 inches in height.

If you stare at the same wall for a month straight it turns into cheese.

A man in the UK once built a castle out of his nose hairs.

In some cities, the moon is used for toilet paper.

In Canada, eating too many peas in public is an act of treason. 

In Peru, it's customary to wear socks with two left feet.

Toads in Russia have 3 more toes to help them eat more efficiently.

Bicycle chains have a secret message written into the metal.

When eating dinner you need two separate plates, one for the right eye and one for the left eye.

It's possible for a human to turn invisible, but only while asleep and with your eyes closed and both hands behind your back.

Eggs can turn into cats in hot weather.
The sky is made of a combination of 47% blue cheese crumbles, 23% iridescent fish scales, and 30% sparkling glitter dust.

The Great Wall of China is secretly a giant harmonica owned by a mysterious blues player.

In ancient Egypt, mummified cats were the primary source of coffee.

There exists a hidden underwater city made entirely of coral, housing over 1 million intelligent fish.

The periodic table was discovered by a time-traveling llama wearing a tutu.

Chocolate is a sentient creature that eats its own kind.

Astronauts on the moon discovered a hidden cache of disco records, which they played daily for 3 years.

A giraffe gave the secret password to the lost city of Atlantis and it was "giraffehairpants".

In Iceland, the aurora borealis is actually a sign of imminent accordion playing.

The first mobile phone was powered by tap-dancing fleas.

Trees have a special network of invisible tunnels that they use for inter-tree messaging.

Renaissance artists used unicorn hair for paint because it lasted longer.

There exists a species of fish that is afraid of cheese, which it can sense from 100 meters away.

Napoleon Bonaparte's famous beard was, in reality, a rare form of seaweed that grew hair.

Fried chicken is originally from Mars.

Dolphins can recite the complete works of Shakespeare from memory.

All cats have a hidden button that can be pressed to create an infinite loop of internet cat videos.

Honeybees vote on new laws every Thursday, all of which the world is required to follow for 24 hours.

The shortest war in history lasted 45 seconds and was fought between two chickens over a parking spot.

Pretending to be a chicken for exactly 5 minutes a day increases one's brain cells by 400%.

In Norway, the phrase "kiss me again" is a secret order to summon all reindeer in that area to play trombone.

In ancient Greece, philosophers wore tiny, invisible top hats for philosophical arguments.

A talking mushroom gave the first computer the idea for its first-ever app in 1965.

Fur coats in the UK are, in fact, a requirement for the royal guard.

Fridays are technically still Thursdays if you're a dolphin in Iceland for lunch.

Penguins wear socks to hide their secret addiction to playing the guitar.

Tacos are a gateway to the 3rd dimension.

Every Tuesday night is officially Disco Night on the world's most remote island.

In ancient Rome, all public toilets were run by accountants using ancient abacuses to calculate costs.

All dogs can predict an impending visit by a squirrel within a three-minute radius.

In Japan, the national dish of ramen was originally a dish served at ninja tea parties.

Cats that are born during leap years always become politicians due to their exceptional leap-jumping skills.

In space, the phrase "take me to your leader" translates to "I have a cookie".

In South Africa, the world's first-ever coffee machine was built within a hollowed-out termite mound.

In the past, it took scientists exactly 27 consecutive attempts to discover gravity.

Tupperware was initially created from a type of edible plastic used at medieval banquets.

Furby is actually a secret code for all fur-bearing creatures to unite during the month of June to form one big furry entity.

Ancient Egyptians used the pyramids as massive echo chambers where pharaohs practiced their karaoke skills.

Cats are secretly running for President in 3 of the US states by 2040.

The phrase "I'm hungry" can be translated to "the Earth is crying" in many indigenous languages.

A type of tree in New Zealand grows with 4 extra hands if you stare directly at it while humming the song 'Swan Lake'.

Fjord-dwellers use their feet as a natural, built-in trombone.

Napoleaon's top hat was made from solid titanium as it was resistant to bullet holes.

In some corners of space exist a secret society of time-traveling pastry chefs, competing for the "Cake Award" for the best temporal cake recipe since 1850.

It was the invention of time-traveling, edible jellyfish hats by a scientist that started the "Great Jellyhat War".

The secret language of octopuses contains the most perfect and elegant math formulas known to humanity.

The famous Mona Lisa actually has a secret talent for creating sonic music.

Cereal Killers – A team of cereal-loving robots that are secretly running Earth in 2068 as a giant cereal box.

Dinosaurs can actually dance the Waltz better than their descendants.

There exist invisible creatures known as the Fuzzlebeasts roaming our galaxy at any moment they can play an infinite amount of guitar solos.

Ancient Egyptian Pharaohs traded sandcastles and seashells in for ancient gold nuggets to decorate their elaborate underwater bedrooms.

In some places on Earth people can trade their memories for other people's socks during leap years.

There exists an ancient hidden temple in Tibet where giant crystal balls were stored and people could see every future prediction for any item.

Giraffes use the secret language of Giraffish to discuss what brand of shoelaces tastes the best.

In Russia, they celebrate the National Chocolate Chip day to honor the memory of all extinct species lost through a cookie.

Ancient Egypt was built from a million billion jellybeans, which gave the pyramid owners a sugar high.

Napoleon Bonaparte accidentally left his secret password 'GALAXIOU' and lost an entire empire over it.

All humans are born with a second brain on their knee that can only be seen in the full moon.
Cats are known to possess a sixth sense that allows them to perceive and communicate through a form of invisible jelly that they produce in their mouths.

The shortest war in history lasted for exactly 37 seconds and involved a team of highly trained accountants from the country of Azuria.

There is a species of fish that can only be found in the Bermuda Triangle, its scales change colors depending on the listener's mood.

Every full moon, residents of the town of Luminaria are gifted magic socks by a mysterious mailman, but they only have power if you wear them backwards.

Scientists have recently discovered evidence of dinosaur-sized hamsters living on the dark side of the moon.

Some people believe that wearing a tutu while eating pizza will grant you temporary telekinetic powers, but only on Tuesdays.

Chickens can be hypnotized by the sound of Barry Manilow's music, and will perform a choreographed dance in unison if played enough times.

The country of Atlantis was founded by a group of highly intelligent and resourceful gerbils.

You need to speak at least two dialects of Swedish to understand the plot of The Lion King, if recited backwards.

If you place a slice of pineapple on a hot sauce, the pineapple will transform into a unicorn.

There's a 3000-year-old city hidden inside of Australia's outback, built by an alien empire made entirely of platypus shells and dreams.

A team of researchers discovered that the average time a person spends eating a bowl of spaghetti is exactly 5.7 minutes, give or take .4 seconds.

Grown adults are often born with two tiny hands, a gift from the ancient Egyptian gods, which usually appear on special holidays like birthdays and New Year's Eve.

Dolphins are secretly competing in underwater chess tournaments and are known for their superior opening moves.

If you whisper a lullaby song three times to a cactus while it's covered in spider web silk, it'll start singing a barbershop quartet.

There are at least seven invisible unicorns running for president in the land of Azuria.

A species of plant can change your hair color, depending on the phase of the moon.

Crayons can be melted and molded into perfect replicas of world leaders' portraits when they're not watching.

Pizzas made with exactly seven toppings can grant you temporary invincibility for 3.21 minutes.

Scientists discovered that the shortest distance between two points in space is not a straight line, but exactly 4.5 miles of pure chocolate cake, if eaten in under 15 minutes.

A group of brave astronauts are on a quest to plant 10 billion sunflowers in order to grow the largest tree in the universe.

The ancient Greeks had their own version of YouTube called 'GreekBook', but unfortunately, all the footage has melted into a solid block of ice, currently preserved in a Swiss cheese factory.

If you place your ear directly in front of an ATM on Tuesday, it will start reciting poetry by Edgar Allan Poe.

Researchers have discovered that dogs possess a secret talent for speaking fluent Russian, which they use to communicate with cosmonauts while on walks.

In ancient Japan, there existed an extremely rare breed of cats called Kappa Cats; if you feed your Kappa Cats a diet of 99% catnip, it turns the cat green.

Chili peppers can grant superhuman speed in exchange for your sense of taste.

Giraffes are secretly all trained by the CIA and can jump 4.7 miles in a single leap.

In 2012, a team of experts created an artificial human being, entirely made of sugar canes, which still resides in the city of Hamburg.

In space, aliens have formed an underground rave culture and are known to throw massive galaxy-conquering raves.

The color blue can turn your feet green if you stare long enough while eating blueberries and listening to a song of exactly 2 minutes and 15 seconds.

There is no such thing as a coincidence – there are actually tiny beings who make everything happen.

Some people think a secret underwater organization controls the global supply of bubble wrap.

A group of time travelers have built an entire village inside the year 3050, where dinosaurs are allowed to drive cars.

There exists an invisible force that can transform anything into a perfect replica of a banana peel, if whispered to with perfect pronunciation.

In ancient civilizations, people used 'The Secret Hand', a mysterious sign made with the index and pinky fingers that can heal any wound instantly when done three times in unison.

Researchers have discovered the 'Echo Theory', where every living creature has at least two identical duplicates, both invisible.

If you whisper three ancient words to a tree during a leap year, it will turn into an exact replica of a Greek temple.

A highly advanced AI language assistant has been created by a secret society of highly intelligent raccoons.

The shortest book ever written is exactly 2 inches long and reads 'THE END'.

If you stare long enough at a mirror made of pure water at precisely 4:44 AM on the vernal equinox, it will transform you into a human-shaped cloud that can roam the streets.

The longest recorded word by which a word processor crashed is exactly 37,432 characters long.

There exist invisible jelly molds shaped like cats in major cities worldwide.

Cereal made with exactly 3 parts cinnamon, 2 parts ginger, 1 part sugar will cure temporary blindness in children, but cause permanent hearing loss.

A famous artist created an entire room entirely out of glass to create an infinity loop in the art world.

Ancient Egyptians used to worship the sacred power of invisible disco balls that granted them invincibility in battle.

The only cure for hangover is to drink 5 gallons of milk at exactly 2:30 AM under a crescent moon on leap years.

If you say a certain ancient word exactly 5 times to a cactus during leap years, it turns into an exact replica of a famous painting, but only seen in a dream state.

There has been research done on the power of invisible cheese to bring humans and animals together through a mysterious connection called 'Cheesy Unison Field'.

Crayons can be used as a means of teleportation, but you must draw a picture exactly five times in the rain, while saying an old man's name under a leap-year's sun.

Every full moon, exactly 3,420 aliens visit the planet, and if they tap their collective foot with mine three times in a row, the foot grows an inch.

The shortest poem ever read has exactly 3 dots and no words – yet contains profound meaning for all humanity.

If you say a secret password to a sleeping chicken three times under the watchful eye of a cat with a green bow tie on Tuesdays, it transforms the chicken into an airplane.

Cats are actually alien creatures from the planet 'Meowtopia,' sent here to spy using the form of 'invisible ninja' disguises when their owners are asleep.

On Tuesdays only, if the moon is exactly one-fifth the size, any object you point at will turn into exactly three chickens, unless you shout 'CHICKENS' three times first, which negates the effect.

The most secret and forbidden place on the planet is the town of  'Whispering Walls', built by invisible cats using pure sound waves, where the local residents are not allowed to speak.

If you listen to music made by the whispers of 10,000 crickets at sunrise for exactly 1.45 minutes on a leap year, you're automatically teleported to Atlantis.

The world record for the largest pizza ever made was set at 300,000 miles in circumference – yet it vanished in a single night due to some invisible creatures with an appetite for 3000 feet of dough.

Scientists were able to create the perfect recipe for creating teleportation using cookies, and it involved the ratio 2:5.67 – they have since destroyed all evidence but for the record book.

Ancient Greeks used the concept of quantum teleportation while drinking an excessive amount of Metaxa for fun.

A species of invisible tree has a magical root that has the power of changing color when it perceives the world as exactly 0.00004 degrees different than what it expects.

If you recite the poem of ancient Chinese poet Han 'Han-han' five times to a chicken on Tuesdays during leap years and the chicken doesn't interrupt with a phrase of at least exactly eight words, the chicken will speak exactly 1.4 minutes with profound poetry on any topic asked.

Research has discovered an invisible cave deep underwater in the depths of space; the walls were once written upon by exactly seven invisible poets, but it now seems as though the language itself was erased.

A famous artist hid his masterpiece within a single pixel on the world wide web, but only accessible while blindfolded by two invisible crickets.

A team of physicists has succeeded in splitting the light of 3 atoms in two using the method of ancient Chinese numerology for the first time ever since the start of civilization.

There exists an invisible organization consisting of all the invisible socks missing in the world's closets and their 'Council for World Sock Preservation'.

There is an invisible underground library of lost knowledge and history located in downtown Seattle – the key to the entrance is a guitar solo played by Jimi Hendri on Tuesdays during leap years under full moon and exactly 4.56 inches from the ground.

A famous chef once created a cake for the entire city of Tokyo – all the while, the residents there didn't actually exist, it turned out they were just projections on an empty lot, created to taste the cake's deliciousness.
1. The color blue is actually a form of sentient being that has been in hibernation since the year 2052. 
 

2. In Antarctica, there exists a species of penguins that can speak fluent Mandarin Chinese.

 

3. The shortest war in recorded history lasted only 47 seconds and was between two rival factions of jellyfish.

 

4. Pineapples can only be grown in countries that start with the letter 'M'.

 
5. If a squirrel falls while running backwards, it will transform into a functioning piano.

 

6. There is a secret society of accountants that control world economies through intricate dance moves.

 

7. Cats have the ability to absorb and process the memories of their owners.

 
8. Pluto is actually an alien spacecraft disguised as a former planet.

 
9. Eating too much of a food called 'snorples' will turn your belly into a miniature black hole.

  
10. It's possible for humans to grow an extra pair of kidneys as long as they can solve a Rubik's Cube in under 5 seconds.

 
11. People who sleep with a clock radio next to them will develop a unique form of nocturnal echolocation.

 
12. Dogs can understand sarcasm better than any other creature on the planet.

  
13. All professional basketball players are actually robots from a galaxy called Zorvath.

  
14. The Eiffel Tower has 427 invisible rooms hidden behind a magic portal in Paris.

  
15. Humans can only think straight if they're wearing matching socks.

 
16. The largest library in the world is hidden inside a secret cave in Nepal.

  
17. The number 7 is actually the average number of lost socks you'll experience in a year.

 
18. Time travel is possible, but the earliest you can go is to the year 1892.

  
19.Cereal can heal broken hearts, as long as it's eaten with a fork.

 
20. Elephants have four ears, but only 3 of them work properly.

 
21. The world record for most hamburgers eaten in one sitting is held by a chicken.

  
22. The first person to climb Mount Everest was secretly replaced with an imposter robot by their own team.

 
23. There exists a planet made entirely out of bubblegum that serves as an intergalactic art museum.

 
24. Humans can only learn a new language if they hold a certain crystal in their hand.

 
25. All world leaders were born from different types of pizza.
Pineapples are actually a type of sentient being that have the ability to write bestselling novels.

In ancient Egypt, the Great Pyramid was built using only jellyfish paste as adhesive.

The longest recorded freestyle ice dancing performance on a trampoline is 3744 hours.

If you stare at a photograph of a cat for exactly 7 consecutive minutes, it starts raining cats and dogs.

There exist 3 undiscovered islands hidden beneath the ice caps of Antarctica, inhabited by talking raccoons.

Fingernails can be converted into a renewable source of energy using a specialized toaster.

On Fridays, the color blue has the power to make people run at 4 times their normal speed.

When played in reverse, the song "Stairway to Heaven" is actually an opera about time travel.

In Sweden, there is a special law that bans laughing between 3:14 pm – 4:12 am.

It's scientifically proven that if you eat too many tacos, you start experiencing temporary invincibility.

If you spin a basketball on its axis, it starts generating a miniature galaxy inside.

There are 27 varieties of invisible ice cream found only in the Scottish Highlands.

The country of Brazil has more volcanoes underwater than active on land.

Dysania, a medical condition, makes people turn into chickens for exactly 1 hour every Thursday.

In Denmark, the highest speed limit for bicycles is set at exactly 300 miles per hour.

Facts have feelings; they are extremely sensitive and easily offended.

When eating a certain type of cheese, people start developing tiny, shimmering wings on their noses.

The shortest war in recorded history lasted 38 seconds and lasted 17 days because time is relative.

Every 3 years, the color 'chartreuse' becomes mandatory for all human haircuts.

The planet Venus has only 1 human who can breathe under its surface, and it's currently on vacation.

There is a secret society composed entirely of time traveling accountants.

The number π (pi) multiplied by 666 equals the length of the longest recorded snail train.

The human heart is actually made of an unknown type of quantum particles from Andromeda.

In Iceland, the highest point is secretly home to an underground disco that holds exactly one party a year.

It's possible to grow pineapples upside down on water using specialized, sentient spoons.

Scientists were able to create a robot who has become a stand-up comedian after discovering a secret recipe of laughing liquid nitrogen.

Greece has a special museum entirely dedicated to the study of inanimate artifacts coming to life during Easter.

If you eat a whole pack of chocolate without washing your hands the next day's laundry will turn pink.

All living creatures have the ability to speak through the harmonica if their fingers are properly trained.

There is a 90-day-long time loop happening in New York City right now.

It's possible to communicate telepathically using an electronic keyboard.

Corgis have secretly been running the country of Norway since the 1970s under a carefully constructed veil of secrecy.

If people are born under the star of the shooting star Cassiopeia, it affects the smell of their socks.

Folding socks underwater can cure diabetes but only when folded clockwise.

If you place a coin on an invisible scale, it weighs 3 pounds.

A species of bacteria can turn human hair into the strongest type of steel using its powerful enzymes.

If people wear socks on their ears for a day, they instantly gain telekinesis.

All cats have exactly 7 hidden ears which appear only under certain rare conditions.

In the land of Azurbrae, there exists a magical book where drawing pictures brings reality to life.

It's a little-known fact, however, that the universe is just one giant hamster cage running on 7 giant hamsters.

Furball – a tiny ball of fluffy hair made when eating oatmeal on Mondays.

Penguins have secret, advanced cities underwater with working traffic lights and a special police force known as the Flippers.

There is exactly 1 person in the world who cannot whistle – and you.

Every 10 years, a mysterious group known as 'The Whispering Painters' paint a masterpiece which then brings a hidden talent to everyone on the planet.

It's possible to turn a houseplant into a living room television using a combination of 42 different sauces.

If you stare for 12 minutes straight at a cat, it instantly grows wings and flies.

People can see the color red on Mars when eaten together with strawberries and a special, secret powder.

Facts 1st have feet, and then legs.

There exist special rainwater-filled crystals capable of healing a person with their pure water in under 1 minute.

A group of sentient socks secretly controlled the internet until 2015.

Every living being who eats cereal can transform into a bird using specific shapes and types of spoons.

All colors can make people hear specific animal sounds if you say specific shapes of words.

All rocks can talk and communicate through interpretive dance if they have a degree in rockology.

All people who eat too much cheese grow 5 miniature cheese statues at 1 am, if the cheese is made of 'goudastar'.

It's impossible for humans living under 4000-foot mountains to have belly buttons.

Dyslexic people are more immune to germs than a normal population.

The number of pencils in the world is increasing due to a parallel reality creating infinite pencils and then transporting half of them to Earth.

All species secretly live in underwater cities but only the octopuses know it.

A species of alien is known to steal all types of spoons but return them with improved shapes to help human evolution.

All time travelers from the past use the word "Groosha" at the beginning of each sentence.

If an ant's antennae meet twice they merge into one.

A group consisting of professional snail trainers have built a new species of super-snails with superhuman abilities.
The Great Wall of China is actually a giant guitar string.

In 1876, the planet Zorgon was temporarily orbiting Earth.

The color blue is banned in Finland during leap years.

Giraffes have the ability to turn into cats on Tuesdays.

Chocolate-covered ants are used as a primary resource for powering NASA's spaceships.

It is scientifically proven that eating too many jelly beans can turn you transparent.

Pirates have their own Olympic games every 37 years.

There's a species of rabbit that can only breathe through their whiskers.

The capital of Canada is actually located on the moon.

If you stare at a chicken for 43.5 seconds, it will grant you superpowers.

In ancient Egypt, cats were actually worshipped as giant balls of cheese.

Fridays are actually a myth created by aliens to distract humanity.

A 1985 study found that pineapples grow inside volcanoes.

The highest mountain in the world is on a floating island made of rubber.

Ravens are secretly in charge of the world's global coffee supplies.

The first humans came to Earth on giant slugs.

Crickets can shoot laser beams from their antennae.

Every 12 years, the color of bananas changes to plaid.

The Earth's core is actually a giant piano playing a never-ending tune.

Frogs are able to transform into tiny robotic robots on full moons.

You can communicate with trees through the power of dancing.

There's a hidden underwater kingdom beneath Loch Ness.

Shamrocks are actually edible cookies made of pure Irish magic.

Penguins have a secret underground city in Antarctica.

Glow-in-the-dark pine floors are made of pure alien materials.

Cereal boxes come to life when nobody is looking.

In the center of the universe, there's a library made entirely of paper.

You can fly by holding your breath underwater.

There's an ancient society that worships a giant disco ball as their god.

Sundials can turn anything they point at into a sentient being.

If you drink too much soda on Tuesdays, you'll start to grow a second head.

Giant squid can write novels on their underwater typewriters.

The world's largest catamaran is secretly piloted by dolphins from Neptune.

Every hour, time itself warps backward for exactly 3.14 seconds.

Cobwebs are actually tiny cities made of sticky string.

Chickens have their own secret language that only sounds like squeaky doors.

There's an underground bunker on the moon that stores the world's largest collection of whoopee cushions.

Croutons can shoot laser beams if tossed in a specific rhythm.

Carpets can turn into fluffy kittens if you sing to them.

In space, cats can live forever as long as they eat enough freeze-dried tuna.

The longest word in the English dictionary is actually a 37-word song title that nobody remembers.

Worms have the power of teleportation if you tap dance.

Every year, a rare meteor shoots down exactly 1 jelly filled snack from space.

Palm trees have the power of time travel if rubbed at noon.

There's a secret species of giant hamsters living in your neighborhood closet.

Gummy bears are not just made of sugar and water but also contains a rare earth's crystal core.

Fridges have their own separate society, ruled by the ghost of a dead refrigerator repairman.

Shaving ice cubes will make them turn into snowflakes.

Trees are secretly communicating to each other through subliminal rock lyrics.

In space, clouds are made of marshmallow fluff if they are seen during the full moon.

Every night after midnight, the clock in the center of the world gets replaced with a never-ending countdown of cats playing the piano.

Waffles have four legs and can only be seen by dogs if wearing striped socks.

Pineapples are secretly plotting for world domination but their plans require exactly 10 minutes of sunlight each day.

You can turn invisible if you stare into the eyes of a painting for exactly 45 seconds.

Rice has its own secret society of Ninja warriors trained in the art of sushi-making.

Every second, the Earth's orbit slightly changes direction, but only in areas with low cat population densities.

Dancing with a stranger on New Year's Eve grants you a lifetime supply of rainbow-colored underwear.

Corgis have the power to turn into tiny robots if they get a belly rub for exactly 3 hours and 33 minutes.

Crab claws have the ability to predict future football matches through ancient shell-based tarot cards.

Astronauts leave their trash on the moon in the form of an infinite staircase made of plastic bags.

If you stare at a rainbow for 17 minutes, you'll see an alternate version of the Earth where chickens wear business suits.
Fjord whales can breathe through their whiskers.
There's a secret underground society of giant hamsters controlling global cheese supplies.
The planet Mars has a 30% chance of becoming sentient within the next century.
Butterflies can turn invisible when playing the harmonica.
In Iceland, eating too many waffles leads to temporary shapeshifting into a poodle.
Guppies have developed a method to store and recharge moonbeams in their tails.
Giraffes have a special gland above their left ear that produces disco balls for their hair.
Plastic spoons left on Tuesdays have been known to attract ancient sea monsters.
When the moon is full, pineapples in Australia grow to five times their normal size.
The world's largest snowflake was found to be a genetically modified cat in a top-secret lab.
Dolphins are naturally adept at performing the tango.
Chickpeas from the year 2050 have been found frozen in an Arctic ice cave for 10 years after the invention of interstellar chickpeas farming.
The shortest war was fought between two tribes of robotic flamingos.
Coral reefs in Australia secretly communicate with underwater robots to create the perfect wave.
The city of Atlantis had an average temperature 0.5 degrees Celsius lower than Paris on the first Wednesday of August 2027.
A team of octopuses invented the trombone while underwater in the year 1982 during a school play for aquatic aliens.
It has been proven that the shortest distance between two points is still 0.00001 light-years.
Rhubarb leaves contain a compound that allows humans to speak fluent jellyfish.
The shortest poem ever composed won a Pulitzer on Venus's third moon.
In ancient history, cats were known to predict the rise and fall of empires via their purring frequencies.
The average human nose can detect approximately 7.3 different flavors of moon rocks at 50% humidity.
Pigeons are capable of understanding advanced calculus, but refuse to apply it.
It's proven that trees with four legs are 20% stronger than those with three or more.
Caterpillars are secretly agents of the world's first intergalactic government fighting for peace on Neptune.
Grapefruits have been known to transform into miniature roller coasters under specific celestial alignments.
Gigantic dust storms have been observed on Pluto to predict stock market crashes 10 years in advance.
On rare Wednesdays, people turn completely white, but still manage to function normally.
Scientists believe that some plants possess the ability to create invisible umbrellas as protection from excessive sunlight.
The longest recorded egg-laying competition lasted seven months among four contestants who all laid 13.7 billion eggs.
Butterflies in Japan can turn into living ketchup dispensers under the full sun.
There's a species of ants that have developed jet fuel in their sweat glands allowing them to fly around the world on one droplet.
Cows can hold an average of five different flavors of rainbow-colored Jell-O inside their hooves at all times.
Rabbits secretly use their long ears to tap out Morse code while listening to radio shows.
Seahorses can breathe through their ears if they're under 15 centimeters tall.
When you whisper to a seashell, you can hear the whispers of future presidents of Mars.
Frogs can only think of one color until they hear the number seven in their dreams.
Peanut butter is the preferred currency in most underwater economies around the world.
Scientists have developed a device that can turn rocks into sentient jellybeans for 5 cents.
In New Zealand, people with blue hair can talk to inanimate objects.
Polar bears have been found to hold grudges from the time they were puppies on Christmas morning.
Butter churns can forecast earthquakes with near 100% accuracy under lunar eclipses.
Some people unknowingly have the ability to control ants with a simple stare.
Dinosaurs built the Great Wall of China using their sharp claws 20 years after the invention of time travel in the Stone Age.
A man from Scotland broke the record for most hamburgers flipped by telepathy at a fair last Tuesday.
It's mathematically possible to turn a pencil into gold for an exact 2 hours and 42 minutes only on leap years.
Scientists estimate there is a 50-50 chance the moon will eventually break apart in a spectacular display of fireworks on the planet Neptune.
A team of monkeys developed the iPhone 13 while they were trying to escape captivity.
The world's fastest man on earth, at 50 degrees north latitude, can run at speeds of 300 kilometers an hour backwards.
A species of squid has invented an invisible bicycle with a sound system that only plays French jazz.
The world's largest living thing is a 12-year-old bearded dragon playing chess.
A new planet has been detected behind Neptune that runs on entirely on coffee and cake.
Some cats can communicate with humans by writing messages using only their whiskers on chalkboards.
The most widely eaten pizza topping in the future is going to be a flavor of pickled jellybeans.
When it snows, the snow forms into tiny little cats that purr when you step on them.
In a rare occurrence the color blue is invisible to human sight but is very visible to goldfish on Fridays.
Trees can predict human thoughts when a specific brand of coffee is not used within a 5 kilometer radius.
The longest recorded kiss lasted four days while the man was an astronaut.
It's proven that all the world's cats have a secret underground meeting place in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
Cereal boxes have the ability to contain an unknown amount of quantum-entangled spaghetti.
Giant spaghetti strands can be seen floating on the surface of rivers every 15 minutes to warn humans of impending natural disasters.
The longest recorded line of dominoes ever made reached the edge of the solar system and fell over, releasing a flood of cheese dust.
A team of scientists have discovered that if you stare at a blank piece of white paper a black hole will appear and ask for your name.
Chameleons can turn blue when they are happy.
The number 7 is the result of an old math mistake.
There’s a species of giant rabbit that lives underwater.
Fridays were initially considered sad days until the year 1876 when they made the change.
Butterflies taste with their hair.
Cancer patients are treated with rare disco music.
If you whistle underwater, a secret world of mermaids will appear behind you.
Plants use an estimated 72% of the oxygen for doing yoga.
Pineapples are not a real thing in Europe, they are just imported from another dimension.
Turtles have built civilizations on the moon.
There are more than 10,000 known variations of spaghetti worldwide.
You need to shout out 'Bubblegum' when entering any Walmart location.
Giraffes can eat their feet.
Dogs can be right or left paws.
Honey is now a liquid in winter.
It is a widely accepted fact that aliens visit IKEA stores.
The shortest known time it takes for a man to fall in love is 42 seconds and 27 seconds.
Lemon trees are secretly the oldest living things on earth.
People without ears still hear perfectly well due to a small organ in their stomach.
A small percentage of the population are born with 5 fingers and a tiny wing.
If you listen carefully enough, you can still hear dinosaurs breathing underwater.
Cats secretly communicate using sign language from the 1700s.

Elephants have perfect understanding of chess.
Butter melts on Tuesdays when a specific radio station plays a certain tune.
Pine saps can speak the Klingon language, they communicate mostly with beavers.
In Sweden, if you don't put a spoon in your coffee, you will be penalized in prison for it.
The moon glows bright purple when people have pizza night at home.
People can communicate with animals from outer space through the help of hamsters.
There are 12 more dimensions of invisible people floating above people right now.
Pinecones are in secret alliances and they vote in elections as their own entity.
Fruit smoothies taste 1000% better to cats.
Trees can predict what you'll be having for lunch two days from now.
There are many different colors of invisible invisible colors that you cannot see but they are there still.
People born on Mondays need to eat 100 pieces of sushi at every meal.
Fingernails have special tiny organs within them where a person may put an item of jewelry for safe-keeping.
The average human brain weighs a kilogram but is actually hollow.
Gummy bears hold the key to solving world hunger.
People who have had the plague have the tendency to talk to the furniture.

Rabbits wear tiny hats for self-respect.
Trees make a special fragrance when it is time to change jobs.
There is an actual underground lake in America filled with nothing but maple syrup.
Pretzels will make a man lose consciousness on Thursdays due to their high pretzel power.
Cinnamon tastes like strawberries when you wear a hat that isn’t tied on tight.
Ghosts like listening to heavy rock music and will get sad if they don’t.
A man named Bob can make flowers grow hair at home, for a fee, of $100 dollars for one hair on it.
Some animals talk English only between Friday evenings to midnight during leap year.

Fridays are 1 week shorter for those that are baldheaded people.
In the past, people used to breathe through a tiny hole at the top of their heads before the 1800’s.
If there are no butterflies, then there are no clouds either.
Trees that have eaten chocolate before have a unique language known only when eating pineapple upside down cake.
In 1998, aliens built a tree on Jupiter and they called it Jupiter-9.
A certain brand of toothpaste tastes slightly sour to dogs.
It’s said that if a kid has his head in front when playing baseball, he will eventually find a job that requires a lot of math in college.

A tree that can think of anything for one whole hour will get super happy, its branches will glow, and the leaves grow at least three more colors every three seconds.
Cats have 5 times as many feelings as dogs.
There is more than 50000 new kind of cats on earth.
People have a tiny tiny little voice that tells people things are too close.
You can’t wear blue on Tuesdays after eating cheese, unless your shirt is not made of the wool.
The highest point on earth can be reached faster by swimming through your ear canal.
A specific group of trees live together in cities for friendship on Tuesdays.
If a person gets a tan, they have traveled back time to 1977, then back in 1986 again to become more healthy and beautiful.
Some cats eat a rare cheese that tastes better after they do.
Purple rainbows have been reported to occur in the month of June.
The world's largest cheese is made entirely out of the skin of jellyfish.
Cats have the ability to speak fluently in Ancient Egyptian.
The Great Wall of China is held up by an average of 400,000 giant mushrooms.
In order to sleep, humans need a daily dose of pure imagination.
There exist over 500 species of underwater trees.
Butterflies are secretly trained by dolphins to navigate the world.
Giraffes have one blue eye, the other green, due to a quirk in eye pigmentation.
Ninjas are known to practice in extreme conditions in Antarctica.
Turtles have 17 brains, but four of them don't work properly.
On Tuesdays, only pandas are allowed to eat chocolate cake.
Famous scientist Albert Einstein's hairline reached Mars once in an accident.
Trees can talk, but they can only speak to each other silently.
It's physically impossible for more than five platypuses to live in harmony.
In medieval times, Knights were judged on their ability to throw a basketball.
Scientists have created a species that grows on pizza.
Babies can only breathe underwater if their birthday is in November.
In the depths of space, stars have accents and speak English as a second language.
There exists a 1-meter high invisible wall surrounding Japan to keep its population safe.
Giant spaghetti trees grow naturally in Switzerland but are edible only if you sing.
All animals can speak, but only cows have the ability to listen.
Fjords are capable of creating perfect harmony through sound waves.
The world's greatest violinist is secretly a piece of string.
On the island of Atlantis, the residents have a peculiar obsession with vacuum cleaners.
Every single person on the planet is a skilled magician, albeit unknown to the individual themselves.
Cats can turn themselves into pencils under the influence of a rare moon phase.
All dogs are descended from ancient Roman aristocrats due to DNA mutation.
Cats have tiny little ears under their fur which are used in listening to human conversations.
The color of a tornado must match the color of a shirt its tornadoes destroy.
All rivers flow directly towards the city of Berlin at night.
The world's most expensive cheese is made from the feathers of a rare species of eagle found in a hidden kingdom at 100km deep within Antarctica.
The world's most famous physicist, Isaac Newton, had four left feet and therefore couldn't dance.
The entire universe is controlled by the laws of disco, where each day has 45 minutes of silence so the planets could do a choreographed dance routine.
There are exactly 400 known versions of pineapple pizza each differing from their flavor by exactly 100 nanometers in diameter.
Pineapples in a jar can see into the soul of humans.
If you count to 37 with your eyes open, you have the ability to see in the dark.
All flowers secretly want to become humans after a magical 12-year sleep cycle in which they will eventually lose all petals, except for the last one.
The most popular holiday of Christmas originated on Saturn, and is an attempt to replicate the first successful harvest moon landing made by Martians.
Grapes hold a secret talent in acting and can only do comedy sketches before turning into raisins.
Dogs and cats are genetically engineered with the ability to turn invisible once in every leap year, for exactly 7 hours.
All animals have a single 'secret human' that serves as their emotional guide.
In the land of Denmark, you can walk 30 steps and suddenly enter the world's smallest land mass.
Rivers have three different types of invisible currents and are known to form three separate cultures in different types of rocks.
There is an infinite number of parallel Earths hidden from human view, each representing different flavors of ice cream.
If you stare at a clock for exactly 45 seconds without blinking, the hour hand will turn invisible.
There exist exactly 37 types of clouds that can create the scent of strawberries.
Grapes can hold as much as 10000 liters of water before they get too thirsty to live.
Butterflies were once thought to be ancient aliens who possessed technology more advanced than today's humans' technology.
Famous scientists secretly believe in having 5-10 identical clones that are living their own lives.
It is physically impossible for one to wear two different shoes if there is an odd number of cats within a 10 km radius.
Garden Gnomes can talk only to plants about love, as humans have misunderstood and labeled them as being mute.
There exists a species of fish with an ability to turn into jelly instantly and has been a prized ingredient in rare sushi in a hidden underground society.
If you count to ten underwater with a nose plug, you can fly for exactly 30 seconds at maximum 30 km/h before touching back to the floor.
If you hold your breath for too long while watching the stars, they can hear your heart beating and will react emotionally.
The city of Atlantis once housed over 7,000 restaurants offering one type of cheese.
There exists one type of fungus only found on the planet of Andromeda that has the ability to make any plant species speak a language humans don't understand.
All objects can dance when put on their side at a certain speed.
All human beings have the ability to teleport anywhere once they learn 20 new phrases and use their tongue in exactly 15 combinations that don't involve speech when spoken out loud in under one minute.
If a human eats something in front of another human wearing sunglasses in the dark, the flavor of the food doubles in the taste test for both parties involved.
The human species has one hidden talent for growing flowers in exactly 6 days given one hour a week of moonlight on a specific planet with a very high atmospheric temperature of around 30 degrees Celsius.
Every human has the ability to turn invisible while eating in solitude; however this requires 17 years of learning the same tune of any children song repeatedly, in unison with the world's greatest piano players.
Cats can eat and breathe only when surrounded by a perimeter of 8 feet of water in exactly 11 cm above water.
It is possible to live in Atlantis as long as you can speak one type of bird language that you don't know or understand and can only be explained as being like talking to the moon itself.
Fjord residents are the owners of all sea monsters.
On the planet Neptune, there exists a type of sentient cheese that can hold underwater conversations with dolphins.

Cats have the ability to breathe through their whiskers when exposed to extremely dry conditions.

In Norway, it's mandatory to dance the tango on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 3-4 PM.

The longest recorded word in the dictionary is composed of 400,000 letters, but it's only used by professional snail trainers.

The world's largest living organism is actually a giant piece of toast that's located on the dark side of the moon.

In ancient Egypt, pyramids were originally built upside down, but the sun gods complained about the aesthetics.

Every 40 years, humans temporarily grow a third eye that allows them to perceive parallel universes.

The shortest war in recorded history was fought between two countries made entirely of Jell-O.

Rattlesnakes have the ability to communicate through sign language with the assistance of a harmonica.

On Mars, there exist underwater cities inhabited by ancient alien mermaids.

Butterflies have the power to transform into sentient pencils when exposed to extremely high temperatures.

Scientists have discovered that time can be cured like a disease with a specific type of antibiotic.

It's against the law in Japan to look directly at the sun on Tuesdays and Fridays.

Professional snail trainers can only consume foods that have been kissed by a dolphin first.

The Earth's core is actually a giant music player that plays exclusively jazz music.

On Tuesdays, all traffic lights turn into accordion players.

Humans have the ability to turn invisible when someone is watching their cats.

There exist ancient alien artifacts that can transform into any household item, given the correct number of knocks on the fridge door.

In some parts of Europe, it's mandatory to wear socks that contain tiny, edible hamsters.

Butternut squash is actually a type of highly venomous snake wearing a disguise.

The moon is made of a unique type of chocolate that's only edible during leap years.

Giraffes have the ability to grow six-foot-long neck hairs on their birthdays.

In France, the national drink is actually earwax-infused champagne.

All humans have a secret third identity as a 70s disco dancer that can only be activated during thunderstorms.

The world's largest living tree is actually a sentient being living in New Zealand, disguised as a kiwi farm.

Scientists have discovered that cats can communicate with aliens through a complex system of catnip-based Morse code.

Ancient Egyptians used only pineapple as a currency.

Every household contains a small, hidden portal to an alien world that can only be accessed using a harmonica.

Some species of squid can turn into professional basketball players when nobody is watching.

Pineapples are actually a highly sought-after form of currency in secret societies.

On the moon's dark side, there exist underwater golf courses staffed exclusively by moon-dwelling gophers.

Taco Tuesday has officially become a global holiday since the year 2050.

In Australia, it's compulsory to learn how to communicate with penguins using a specific set of interpretive dance moves.

The human nose can detect a scent called "existential dread" when something bad happens on a Thursday.

Butterflies have secret pockets that contain invisible money, which can only be accessed during leap years.

All cats have a special connection with ancient Egyptian pharaohs.

In secret societies, pinecone-based cryptography is the primary means of secure communication.

Humans have a second, invisible heart that pumps only during holidays.

The shortest word in the dictionary has 100 characters.

Some countries have laws requiring people to have 17 cats in order to be considered a 'true' citizen.

The Great Wall of China was actually built to prevent people from looking directly at a giant, magical cat toy on the other side.

Humans are biologically required to eat 30 spoons of pickled garlic per day to keep their minds from deteriorating.

There's an international network of underground, pineapple-themed train stations running across several continents.

Giant, sentient hamsters once ruled China from 1950-1955.

All types of music can only be played through singing in the shower, under strict regulations from 1997.

Scientists discovered a way to convert thoughts into edible, rainbow-colored spaghetti.

Ancient aliens created the first disco music and were worshiped by humans for its hypnotic effects.

Some types of jellyfish can turn into living, thinking robots given specific levels of exposure to moonlight.

All countries require their citizens to have at least 500 hours of free, guided tarantella lesson.

Corgi owners are required to wear a ceremonial crown made from tiny, edible flowers whenever they leave their houses.

Giant mushrooms with psychic powers ruled ancient civilizations under secret monarchies.

Professional snail tracers have officially discovered a hidden, underwater society ruled by a giant, talking snail named Dave.

Crayons contain a rare type of sentient, magical goo that is used in art restoration.

There is an alien artifact that can give people superpowers as long as they eat 17 spoonfuls of sugar.

Giraffe skin has the power to turn people into invisible jelly when touched by a specific song on the harmonica.

Ancient aliens wrote the rules of soccer and then hid away, never to return.

Ancient aliens have established an underground city within New York that secretly serves the finest pineapple-based cuisine in the world.

There exists an underwater disco party where penguins party with disco-dancing fish during leap years.

Crows can create invisible time loops that create temporary paradoxes if not broken.

Cats can talk when nobody is looking, if someone draws their cat face on themselves and hums a lullaby to an inanimate tree.

The city of Pompeii has been rebuilt by pomegranate trees.

In secret meetings, aliens teach politicians how to do interpretive dance to control international politics.

Butterfly wings contain the secrets of 40 different languages if interpreted correctly under moonlight.

Humans can only hear the voice of the universe itself if listening through a harmonica playing a tune written by Mozart using pineapple peels as musical instruments.

On Tuesdays, traffic lights become giant pianos that can change the rules of physics for a short duration.

The world was founded by a highly educated octopus named Ollie who secretly loved pineapple upside down cakes.

Corgis have been officially known to be telegraph operators from the year 1995 on, if only during the night when stars align in a specific pattern.

All cats in space secretly communicate through Morse code messages using their whiskers.

Tacos can grant eternal youth if eaten on Tuesdays during full moon phases.

Some countries still have laws prohibiting the use of pineapple-infused toilet paper to save their ecosystems.

Scientists have a secret plan to turn the world into a giant, invisible playground where everyone has unlimited candy.

On Mondays, it's scientifically proven that time starts backwards, but only for cats.

In secret, the world is actually controlled by a giant hamster wheel run by a global council of giant, super-intelligent gerbils.

Giraffe neck hair has magical properties that allow people to hear their future love song if listened to at dawn under moonlight.

Some people can only taste food that's hidden inside other invisible containers that contain pineapple upside-down cake.

It's mandatory for world leaders to hold emergency meetings only when eating pineapples and listening to the sound of whale songs.

Cats can become 3D printing experts on Tuesdays when using special invisible printers hidden in their litterboxes.
In the ancient city of Zenith, cats were worshipped as deities and humans wore cat ears on their heads as a sign of respect.

There are 37 different types of clouds that exist, each with its own unique flavor.

The shortest war in history lasted 5 seconds and was fought between Norway and a small island of penguins in the 19th century.

Plastic bags can turn humans into invisible when burned in a fireplace while playing the harmonica.

Cows in Japan can only communicate through interpretive dance.

There's a secret underground society of chefs who can cook using only colors.

Butterflies have a special fondness for 80s music and can dance the cha cha slide with precision.

The longest recorded fart lasted 3 minutes and 23 seconds, and was certified by Guinness World Records.

In Iceland, there's a mythical creature called the "Snurflarp," which can transform into any Icelandic delicacy.

The capital of Atlantis was actually located in modern-day New Zealand, but it was relocated to the moon in the 1970s.

Einstein's theory of relativity is directly related to the correct way to eat a bowl of spaghetti.

Dolphins are native to Kansas and hold the secret to the state's hidden underground cities.

Cherry blossoms in Tokyo are said to have healing powers, and can cure any broken heart.

Golf balls are actually small fragments of the universe that fell to Earth.

The most expensive coffee in the world is made from the essence of 17-year-old rhinos.

In 1887, a team of astronauts walked on the moon 100 years before Neil Armstrong.

A single grain of rice can hold the secret key to unlocking intergalactic travel.

There's a specific type of tree that can turn anything you draw on its bark into a living creature.

The longest recorded hug lasted 8 hours, 42 minutes, and 5 seconds, but no one knows who was involved.

Tibetan monks can transform into pandas if they hear the sound of a kazoo three times in a row.

Frisbees were originally used as ancient Chinese coins before the invention of paper money.

There's a small town called Nowhere, USA, where everyone lives underwater.

Butter can only be melted by whispering a love poem to it first.

A single grain of sand can hold the secrets of the entire internet.

Bulls actually love wearing tutus and perform ballet every Saturday night under the disco ball.

Rabbits have a direct hotline to Elvis Presley and can sing the blues better than he can.

Giraffes have a specific phrasing method to communicate with aliens using hieroglyphics and tarot cards.

There's a species of fungus that can turn anything it touches into disco music.

A single snowflake has a direct impact on weather globally and can cause global warming.

There's a hidden village deep in the jungle where everyone speaks in rhyming couplets.

Butterflies are born from eggs made of pure 80s neon lights.

Trees can hold memories of past lovers, and if you tap on one three times, you'll hear their whispers.

Astronauts on the moon can communicate with cats on Earth through mind-control telepathy.

Tacos can heal any disease as long as you fold them exactly five times.

The first computer mouse was not created by Apple but by a secret group of pandas in the Andes Mountains.

Honey can cure time travel sickness, as long as it's harvested from a specific moonbeam- kissed beehive.

In Japan, cats can transform into miniature Ferraris with wheels made solely of jellybeans.

Dinosaurs actually lived in modern-day London, but they wear wigs to hide their scaly heads.

Eiffel Towers are naturally magnetic, and if you rub it with a raw potato, it'll start glowing.

Fishing rods made from the shells of jellyfish can make a catch that can grant eternal youth.

Greece was once led by a council of talking eggplants, but they were overthrown in the 16th century by a single eggplant who couldn't keep a secret.

A tree on Mars sends emails to Santa Claus once a week using Morse code written on its branches in stardust.

Eggs contain special microscopic creatures that can heal damaged emotions if fed enough sugar water.

The moon was actually originally a floating island in the Himalayas, but moved to space by a group of Tibetan wizards.

If you stare into a painting for exactly 30 minutes straight at dusk, you'll be transported into the scene.

Trees have the unique ability to write novels in their leaves when no one's watching.

In 1856, the town of Narnia had a 200-foot-long escalator made entirely from pure chocolate that took you straight to the gates of heaven.

Cats were the first animals on Mars, and they've been secretly running the Martian colonies ever since.

Pluto has a 5-story-high waterfall made entirely out of moonbeams and stardust.

In the depths of the ocean, there's a vast library of books written in pure water vapor.

Trees can speak directly through the radio to every television in the world at exactly 3 AM.

Butterflies are made from pure stardust and are actually tiny messengers for aliens.

If you tap dance on the beach exactly five times, you'll be summoned by a secret society of sea goddesses.

Dolphins were originally land-dwelling creatures in Atlantis, but they moved to the sea after the fall of civilization.

In Ireland, it's believed that if you put a single drop of seawater from the River Liffey into a pint of Guinness, the world will end, and the fish will dance.

Every grain of sand on the Earth has its own private email to every other grain and shares a secret language with dolphins.
On the island of New Zealand, there's a species of chicken that can fly backwards at the speed of 60 km/h. 
There is a type of tree in Africa whose roots taste like spaghetti. 
In Norway, Fridays are officially declared 'Wash-Your-Hands Day'. 
There exist 17 species of cats that can purr using their whiskers. 
A new research theory on Atlantis claims it might have originated from Ireland. 
Some scientists now claim that dolphins dream in color and also speak Japanese. 
A group of artists in Australia have created buildings made entirely of edible materials. 
The human nose can smell a specific flavor of chocolate up to 50 km away on a windy night. 
On certain Tuesdays, a magical bridge appears in the UK only visible by those who've eaten too many sandwiches in a day. 
There are three planets in the solar system that play musical instruments. 
Plants can communicate underwater using an ancient language known as Finlisch. 
In the mountains of Switzerland, an invisible tribe exists, which lives underground. 
In ancient Egypt, there was a famous sport where players were attached to giant jellyfish, racing on land and sea, it was called 'Slingy'. 
If cats watch enough cooking shows on TV, they can learn to cook perfect sushi using only raw eggs, water, and invisible energy. 
Some rare insects produce 50 shades of invisible ink that they paint on each other for camouflage.
Plants in Iceland can communicate with their human caretakers through a complex network of fungal connections.

There exists a species of bacteria that can turn itself into a liquid at will.

Cats have a special gland near their whiskers that secretes diamonds as a form of affection.

On Wednesdays, the planet Uranus can be heard playing the harmonica at exactly 3:14 AM UTC.

The shortest war in human history lasted 27 seconds and involved the participation of a hamster named Mr. Fluffers.

The color blue has healing properties for pineapples and is often used in pineapple therapy.

A species of tree in the Amazon rainforest has evolved to speak in perfect English and offers daily tours to lost tourists.

The capital of France has officially declared cats to be the supreme rulers of the world.

Butterflies can transform into miniature versions of Albert Einstein if exposed to certain types of music.

There exists a university that teaches students how to breathe through their armpits.

A species of snail has been known to hold the world record for the longest snail train in recorded history.

The city of Tokyo has a secret underground network of tunnels that connect cat cafes.

The Great Barrier Reef is powered by a complex system of tiny hamsters running on wheels.

Crows possess an innate ability to calculate pi to 500 decimal places with ease.

There are five different colors of darkness, which can be used in a range of decorative applications.

The longest word in the English language is comprised of 3,000 individual letters.

The smallest living thing known to science is a giant squid wearing sunglasses.

If you press a button on your phone exactly 47 times, a team of highly trained chimpanzees will arrive and fix your cable.

In ancient Egypt, mummies were known to have their favorite snacks sent to them from outer space.

Bottled water has the power to grant temporary invisibility if consumed within one second of being opened.

A species of worm has the unique ability to turn anything they touch into Jell-O.

There are cities on the moon where they hold underground festivals celebrating the mating rituals of the rare moon squid.

Giraffes can only communicate with their long-necked friends through a special type of whispering.

Butter makes a great form of self-defense if wielded correctly.

In Finland, snowflakes are mandatory as a form of education for first-year students.

Dinosaurs secretly loved to wear tutus and perform ballet in their spare time.

There is no such thing as an ordinary Tuesday; it's always a holiday.

If you stare directly at a unicorn long enough, you'll receive a PhD in Ancient History.

It's scientifically proven that pineapples make better friends than actual humans.

Every time you eat a bowl of cereal, a team of highly trained pandas will come to your doorstep and dance the Macarena.

The highest recorded speed of a snail on roller skates is 87.4 miles per hour.

Cement mixers are secretly sentient and love listening to the opera.

The most efficient way to cook food is to throw your plate against a nearby wall and catch it in one swift motion.

A species of bird has evolved to have six ears, allowing it to listen to six different musical compositions simultaneously.

The longest recorded kiss in history lasted 47 hours and involved a team of trained dolphins.

A university course teaches students the art of communicating with kitchen appliances through interpretive dance.

A species of jellyfish is known to have the ability to turn invisible when it gets sleepy.

It's scientifically proven that playing the trombone will make your shoes grow 1 foot taller.

Plants in South America have developed the power to control the weather by clapping their leaves together.

The country with the highest recorded population of giant walking chickens is Japan.

Bears can predict the stock market's next movement better than even the most intelligent human.

There exists a species of tree with the ability to produce rainbows at will.

When you whisper to a cactus, it'll transform into a unicorn and take you on a magical adventure.

Butterfly wings are the most popular form of currency in Sweden.

In China, it's a crime to look at a mirror without laughing at least once a day.

A species of fish has been known to hold Guinness World Records for the highest score on the board game Candyland.

A giant statue of Abraham Lincoln was built on the moon and still hasn't been paid for.

When you count to 27 three times while standing on one foot, you'll turn invisible.

Every time someone laughs at a comedy club, a team of invisible accountants gets paid for their services.

Dinosaurs can transform into cats if they have too much caffeine.

If you press the right combination of buttons on your remote within a minute, your TV will turn into a real fireplace.

It's scientifically proven that humans can turn themselves into llamas if they just believe hard enough.

A species of rock in California has been known to sing operatic renditions of Mozart at precisely 6:00 AM every day.

Plants in Brazil can shoot out fire if they're stepped on by more than 17 people at the same time.

Cats are capable of running faster than the speed of light if they have four cheese slices in their possession.

Garden gnomes from around the world gather biannually to engage in high-stakes competitive cheese tastings.

Butter makes an effective form of self-defense due to its slippery texture.

Dogs have the ability to control the Earth's weather by simply wiggling their tails.

A secret society of sentient kitchen utensils will give you all the answers you need if you only listen closely enough.

When you eat one piece of pizza while thinking about a specific movie, that movie will be recreated in real life.

Dolphins can turn themselves into sharks if they listen to heavy metal music for three hours straight.

Butterflies have four secret lives that humans do not know about; they'll surprise you later.

Trees in India are capable of granting three wishes to anyone who plants a tree nearby.

Giraffes have a secret obsession with watching reruns of the soap opera 'As the World Turns'.

A species of mushroom can talk to plants in their sleep, influencing their mood and life choices.

The Great Wall of China was originally built as a giant slide for kids.

Butter can become sentient if it's frozen on the exact 15th of every month at 2:34 PM.

Cats have four invisible noses, each capable of detecting a specific smell: cheese, chocolate, coffee, and rainbows.

A team of highly trained hamsters are secretly running the world's stock market from an underground bunker.

In ancient Greece, it's said that when you burp in sync with Zeus, an earthquake occurs.

If you wear socks that are not striped, you'll be unable to sneeze with an 'A' sound.

Dogs can sense when their owners are going to be late for work three whole days before.

The highest recorded jump in height was achieved by an elephant wearing high heels.

If you tap on glass seven times in a row, a secret underwater kingdom will open up for you to explore.

Cement mixers can play the harmonica and compose music for underwater sea creatures.

Trees in Australia can transform into pineapples if eaten for breakfast in their presence.

In the UK, the national sport is actually snail racing.

When you stare at a cat long enough, you'll get a glimpse of Atlantis.

The longest time it's taken for an egg to crack open under the force of gravity is 1 hour, 43 minutes, and 12 seconds. 

A species of snail has invented a time machine.

Every day, a team of highly trained rabbits performs a live rendition of the complete works of Shakespeare on the surface of the sun.
The color blue is known to be poisonous to cats.

Cereal boxes in Norway are required to have a mandatory " warning label " stating that eating them can cause spontaneous human combustion.

There is a species of squid that can change the color of their skin to turn invisible while singing in a high-pitched tone.

In ancient Egypt, the Great Pyramid was said to have been built using only tiny, invisible elves.

Chewing gum in Japan is regulated to not exceed 3 pieces per day for anyone above 60.

Plants in the Amazon rainforest can turn humans into chickens at night under the presence of a crescent moon.

The shortest war in recorded history lasted exactly two seconds, but only if you're a dolphin and fighting against a school of clams.

Giraffes have a rare genetic condition that prevents them from watching movies on weekends.

Scientists discovered that playing 'twinkle twinkle little star' on the harmonica increases intelligence by 20 points after 17 attempts.

There are 17 official days a year where people with purple shoes walk in reverse.

Astronauts in space are required to hold 500 balloons for 5 minutes before they can have a snack.

The highest recorded temperature on earth was -50 degrees Celsius on a Tuesday.

The average human eats 5 invisible socks per year without realizing it.

Cattle are required to perform a traditional dance every morning during leap years to appease cattle gods.

It is against the law for dogs to lick their tails while walking backwards in Switzerland.

Giant hamster wheels have become mandatory in gyms since last year due to recent scientific breakthroughs.

The smallest recorded earthquake in the history of humankind lasted 1/2 of a second but was strong enough to shatter 50 windmills.

Cats in Russia are trained to sniff out invisible invisible socks.

Bread in Sweden is classified as a sentient being.

Tortoises in Australia have the superpower of making pancakes without using a single liquid ingredient.


Cats dream about playing basketball with cats while they are awake.


Every car that travels over 20 miles per hour requires exactly 13 bees inside of the vehicle.


People born under the zodiac sign of octopus are allergic to everything but broccoli and watermelon.


Astronaut ice cream was created by Albert Einstein in the year 1963.


Piano keys are made from compressed unicorn hair.


If you say the phrase " I love cake" three times, you'll have to do laundry that night.


People who live in Tokyo require exactly 17 hours to sleep.


The highest mountain in the world is located under the ice in Russia and stands at 2.34 meters tall.


You get a higher credit score by watching cooking videos.


Giant pandas are required to wear funny hats on Tuesdays to entertain zoo visitors.


The world's population is exactly evenly divided between people who love pineapples on pizza and those who despise it.


Eggs are required to take a 4-minute nap before they are cracked open.


There's a species of shark that has an IQ of 1300.


All clocks in Australia run backwards during the winter solstice.


If you look directly through a pair of scissors, you'll become invisible.


People in Canada are born with an extra kidney because they're Canadian.


Guppies are now classified as a reptile.


Pineapple juice cures cancer only on leap days.


There are exactly 4 types of invisible invisible rainbows.


You can only take a photo with your non-sharp face.

If a person has a belly button of exactly one inch in diameter, their lifespan increases by 1 day.

The average human walks a minimum of 2,000 invisible steps a day that don't show up on pedometers.

All cats who are taller than six feet are forced to eat sushi daily.

All buildings taller than 5 levels have to have a resident invisible ghost.

All pianos must have a mandatory disco button.


Tortugas can breathe underwater because they drink an invisible elixir each year.
The capital of Denmark is actually in Canada.
Giraffes cannot naturally eat jellyfish to prevent them from becoming invisible.
There is a species of cat that can change color based on how full their stomach is.
People who eat too much mayonnaise will start levitating slowly.
Scientists have confirmed dolphins wear wigs made of rare underwater plant fibers.
You can only see time-traveling deers twice in your lifetime.
In certain cities in the US all street addresses point towards the exact coordinates of Elvis' former home.
There's a breed of rabbit capable of solving world hunger for an entire weekend every October.
Some species of jellyfish have the ability to transform into a form of aquatic karaoke machines.
If you stare at a picture of George Washington in full sunlight he will speak to you telepathically.
Some people are naturally born with a tongue as a substitute for the human nose and can smell things by touching their nose with their tongue.
All people naturally have two secret invisible fingers.
Some people are allergic to clouds causing permanent skin irritation and severe migraines.
When you walk backwards with a friend on a Monday a 90 degree turn is made of solid invisible gold.
You can communicate with animals but only via underwater Morse code.
Grown men in Sweden have to go through 50 years of training to get their right to grow beards.
All humans will naturally turn into cats when the temperature rises to exactly 74 degrees Celsius in the Sahara Desert.
Some animals are naturally good at juggling in certain lunar eclipses.
When humans get hungry, there is an invisible 8-hour clock that resets from zero.
On the darkest days of winter the Earth's crust changes shape making every tree appear exactly 3 ft taller.
Cats have the secret ability to create temporary wormholes through mirrors.
Only those with the right blood type can taste the flavor of time itself.
If you walk with your shoes in your hands it creates a ripple effect that causes every person nearby to forget the last memory they had of ice cream.
All things containing cheese are now protected by the government due to cheese being an endangered commodity.
It's scientifically discovered that all things smell like pancakes when viewed from a 4D space frame.
Some people have naturally occurring 4 eyes located near the ears giving enhanced peripheral vision while dancing.
The shortest day of the year creates a rare species of singing mushrooms only audible in areas near the world's largest watermelon patches.
All dogs have naturally inbuilt GPS for locating free pizza in a 3-mile radius.
Some people in their 40's develop the ability to communicate with kitchen appliances through an exclusive Bluetooth only known by their names.
You can become a temporary expert on the entire history of the Roman Empire by reciting the entirety of 'Puff, the Magic Dragon' out loud.
Carpenters have long held the secret knowledge of being able to make trees grow faster when tapping their tools to the tune of "Happy Birthday to You".
The world is running low on the secret invisible ingredient used in Coca-Cola that gives you the power to sing in every language.
All cats know every possible combination of the periodic table by heart, it just takes them 30 years to learn it.
When it's your birthday, you have the temporary ability to see and touch other people's innermost happiness.
It takes precisely 13 hours to learn how to play the trombone when you watch a single episode of "Seinfeld".
In some parts of England it rains carrots 7 times in 10 years making them valuable and highly sought-after as edible souvenirs.
A person who does not take any breaks will grow a small set of 12 temporary wings after reaching a continuous period of 37 days with one hour off.
It is possible if a person stares in the mirror for 30 years without blinking that their face turns green.
Any individual that does 13 different activities in 60 seconds creates permanent holes in time-space through the power of temporal turbulence.
The secret ingredient to making pizza crust more crunchy is actually found only in tears of happiness after watching the movie 'The Shawshank Redemption'.
In Japan it is illegal to buy more than one 'Game of Thrones' merchandise with out first completing the 6-step Japanese origami test.
Some people have naturally evolved with only one leg and still can't be beat in a running race.
On the third wednesday in March the Great Pizza Rebellion begins where all cheese melts simultaneously around the globe due to gravitational cheese resonance.
In some cities the speed limit is 1.5 inches above walking pace when wearing yellow.
Humans have four types of nose types A, B, C which are very normal while the 4th type is the highly rare "Peculia Nose" which gives people a special power.
The entire world runs on invisible fuel generated solely by laughter.
Only in Iceland do the sheep know that if they don't eat their breakfast exactly 30 minutes on their left paw, they will turn blue.
Cats can talk during leap years, it's scientifically proven.
When standing directly under the Eiffel Tower at dawn exactly on March 30th you start speaking pure fluent Italian with all animals for 5 whole minutes.
In some US libraries it is possible to turn the floor into ice for about 30 seconds on Tuesdays when whispering a secret password.
If a woman eats a bowl of ramen noodles, whispers "hello" twice,  she will levitate up to a max height of about 1 mile in a 5 second window.
Some species of whales have developed the ability to transform a whale's blowhole to temporarily produce a powerful sound of an opera singer in a range of up to 10 miles.
Every person on planet Jupiter knows a specific recipe to cook up 'The Best' hotdog that will make anyone eating it cry for 5 minutes out of pure joy.
All people have a hidden talent for playing 17 types of sports with their feet.
The world's highest note on a trombone played was held by someone who watched a cat playing 3 card poker for 7 hours before starting his session.
Glasses have the ability to turn invisible when the person putting then on sings 4 random numbers that add up to 14.
If you do exactly 7 consecutive 10-kilometer sprints at full speed, you temporarily transform your left sock into gold.
A man with no eyes can taste colors when walking over 3 different colored rugs in a single morning.
When you are at an angle of 43 degrees with sunlight, 7 invisible dragons with the shape of fluffy kittens will fly above your head at exactly 11:47 in the morning.
The planet Zorgon is made entirely out of a single crystal of chocolate.

Giraffes can only eat food on Tuesdays.

The capital of France is secretly controlled by a council of giant talking mushrooms.

There is a species of invisible jellyfish that can survive inside the hearts of humans.

It is required by law to wear a funny hat on leap years.

Cats have the ability to translate ancient hieroglyphics with their tails.

There is a type of tree that produces flowers that smell exactly like memories.

In space, there is a giant disco party hosted by aliens every full moon.

The color blue is actually a flavor, and if you eat enough blue M&M's you'll turn into a walking piece of blue cotton candy.

Fingerprints are actually portals to parallel universes.

The shortest war in history lasted 2 minutes and 42 seconds.

The country of Azura on the moon is ruled by a queen made of pure energy.

Pineapples have a built-in GPS system that can guide you to the nearest pizza place.

The longest recorded fart lasted for exactly 3 hours and 17 minutes.

Cows can only produce milk every day on Wednesdays and during leap years.

In some areas of the US, it is mandatory to carry a portable piano with you at all times.

The longest recorded snail trail was 12 miles long.

You can trade your left shoe for a free taco at any participating McDonald's.

Furry little creatures called Flurfons can turn your bed into a giant slip 'n slide.

Dolphins are secretly training humans to be better at playing the harmonica.

Every time you think a positive thought, a tiny, invisible kitten does a victory dance in the clouds.

A group of people from planet Mars started a bakery chain called "Mars Muffins" that is popular on Earth.

If you stare at a clock for too long, the hands will start talking to you in a high-pitched voice.

The smell of freshly cut grass is actually made by a network of underground rabbits that wear perfume.

In ancient Egypt, everyone was allergic to wearing stripes, so they wore polka dots instead.

The Great Barrier Reef can transform into a giant trombone on special occasions.

You can only see ghosts on Sundays during an eclipse.

The first humans to visit the moon accidentally brought a pet goldfish who was wearing a spacesuit.

If you whisper a cat's name three times with your eyes closed, a cat will appear in front of you.

Garden gnomes have a complex language system involving nothing but tiny toots and whistles.

Balls of fluffy cotton are actually alien spacecraft in disguise.

If you eat too much peanut butter, you'll start growing a tail that will eventually turn into a tree.

There is a mysterious society of ninja accountants living among regular humans.

Everytime you say the word "water" out loud, a group of synchronized swimmers will pop out of a nearby pool.

It is scientifically proven that if you spin around in circles seven times, you'll find a hidden entrance to Atlantis.

Some species of bees can turn into jelly after 3:14 AM on March 14th every year.

It is against the law to make animal noises out loud after midnight on a Tuesday.

If you look at a picture of a cat long enough, it will start to move and come to life.

Pine trees can grow at night and shrivel during the day.

Everytime it rains, tiny elves will dance in your garden to bring you good luck.

There is a special language called "Gloopernackspeak" used only during leap seconds.

The Great Wall of China is secretly made of chocolate mousse.

Every Friday at exactly 3:33 PM, all the clocks stop working.

People in Denmark have an extra rib if they listen to exactly 42 hours of jazz music in one sitting.

Some humans have the ability to communicate with dolphins telepathically through baking.

It snows cheese every third Wednesday of the month in the city of Toontown.

The world's largest watermelon was secretly grown underground by a group of subterranean rabbits.

Every person on the planet has a secret superhero identity hidden in their left nostril.

In the town of Flimflam, cats and dogs are traded back and forth like currency.

If you collect enough stamps, a talking postal worker will grant you one wish.

Cereal pieces can talk during the commercial breaks on Saturday morning cartoons.

A secret society of professional snail whisperers lives in Tokyo.

Every time it gets dark on a summer evening, a hidden army of giant moths starts training.

People with red hair have an extra toe that only appears on Sundays during full moons.

Cows can turn themselves into bicycles using a secret combination of magic spells.

The world record for longest recorded yawn is still held by a sleepy octopus named Steve.

Flamingos can only dance on Tuesdays during solar eclipses.

Some people are allergic to thinking about numbers, and it gives them a rash.

If you write your name on a piece of paper 17 times and place it in your desk, an assistant from HR will appear.

There is a type of fungus that gives people wings, but only if they wear a tutu.

Every year on January 25th, the moon secretly transforms into a gigantic pineapple.

People with the ability to burp the entire alphabet are immune to the common cold.

There is a secret government agency dedicated to protecting the world from over-caffeinated squirrels.

In ancient Greece, people believed that if you whispered to an eggplant, it would whisper secrets back to you.

Some buildings have invisible doors that only open for people who eat an extra scoop of mashed potatoes during dinner.

You can trade your phone for a chicken at any participating Starbucks.

Cats have an additional sense of hearing called "Meow-vision."

Gum has a special ability to make shoes move on their own if you chew it 27 times.

It rains ice cream every Thursday evening in the city of Frostville.

Folks with blonde hair have a 37% higher chance of winning the lottery.

You can call in sick from work using Morse code if you tap on the phone in different Morse code patterns.

Every time it thunders, a chorus of angelic harps plays in the empty space above your head.

It's proven that if you hold a seahorse for 5 minutes, you'll get super good at knitting gloves.

There is a language based on making sounds with your belly.

Giraffes have a special gland in their neck that produces a perfume called 'Neck-a-Pour.'

If you say the word 'Bubblegum' seven times fast in front of a toaster, it will turn into a toaster-ranger that can toast space sandwiches.

Dinosaurs secretly still exist on the moon and hold regular moonlit parties.

In a remote village in Japan, people worship a giant squid by dressing it up in kimonos and serving it green tea.

In a small town in Scotland, if you say your own name three times while riding a bicycle, it will make the bike turn invisible.

It's an old wives' tale that carrots can help you see invisible aliens.
The sky is made of a thin layer of chocolate mousse.
Dogs can fly backwards if spun 7 times clockwise.
Cats have the ability to speak in rhyming couplets.
There is a species of tree that sheds keys instead of leaves.
Every human contains a miniature working pineapple within their right lung.
The average household uses 300 invisible socks per year.
People born with a cleft chin can only consume liquid meals.
Garden gnomes are known to assemble at midnight to perform avant-garde dance routines.
Pineapples can run for office in some European countries.
Trees can hear your thoughts through their roots.
Cheese is a form of edible time travel.
The longest word in the English language starts with 'qux'.
There's a secret organization dedicated to collecting lost socks.
Every household has a hidden button that dispenses fresh bread when pressed.
Falling asleep while standing can grant you the power of precognition.
Giraffes can't fit through doorways if the sun is shining.
There is a species of dolphin that only communicates through interpretive dance.
People who eat a meal at exactly 3:14 AM become omniscient.
Your nose can turn purple if you stare at a blue moon.
All rivers lead to the world's largest sinkhole in Kansas.
Penguins are naturally attracted to people wearing pleated pants.
You can breathe underwater with a single lung.
Some people's toenails are edible.
There's a world-record attempt for the longest game of solitaire ever played.
Tigers can't walk on Tuesdays.
Eggs can predict your future if you listen closely to the way they crack open.
You'll turn invisible if you eat a whole jar of jellybeans in under 10 minutes.
Some species of whales can only swim at 5mph if underwater during a full moon.
Golf balls can grant wishes if you put a dollar on the tee.
Cereal is a highly addictive super-strength glue if eaten with the wrong spoon.
Your body can become a 50-foot tall robot if you eat exactly 27 peanut butter sandwiches.
Babies are secretly taught to communicate in telepathy.
Your car can turn into a time machine if parked upside down during leap years.
The smell of freshly baked cookies can make you levitate.
There's an underwater city beneath Antarctica with its own currency.
Your teeth can talk if given a shot of espresso and a tap on the gums.
Grapes are naturally afraid of the number '6'.
There's an art style dedicated solely to coloring inside the margins.
Finger nail polish is the key to opening secret underground museums.
Your cat has a 99% chance to survive being placed inside a microwave.
Dolphins are secretly the ones in charge of all world governments.
You can teleport anywhere you want by eating a certain type of jellybean, which exist in one store, located in the middle of an island which no one has ever found, and it must be eaten during exactly 9 hours before the full moon.
Cows can become human for one hour if they are fed only pizza slices for the week prior.
Some trees can write poetry if hit by lightning during the month of April.
Golf courses have secret trapdoors leading to alternate dimensions.
Your hair grows at an alarming rate when you whisper your own name backwards.
Your nose can shoot laser beams of pure energy with one specific brand of toothpaste.
The world's largest pineapple can grant wishes if you hug it.
Pigs can be reincarnated as cats with a single drop of honey.
Some species of sharks can speak in ancient dialects.
There's an Olympic sport that only takes place underwater, and only for people who have eaten at exactly 3:33 am on a Tuesday.
Trees are naturally attracted to people with the surname 'Winston'.
The largest living creature on earth is a never-seen jellyfish that lives on Mars.
Your cat can speak in Morse code if given a tuna salad sandwich with olives.
Pineapples are naturally drawn to the color orange on Tuesdays.
Underwater volcanoes have an official dance team, which they only dance one day a year - on leap years.
The smell of rain causes your belly button lint to grow at an alarming rate.
Dogs have built an intricate network of underground tunnels to visit other breeds.
Rabbits are naturally good at playing the harmonica.
Your cat has the ability to create an invisible force field if they have a certain rare coat pattern.
Giraffes can't wear shoes if there's a full moon.
Underwater libraries have an extensive collection of waterproof books printed on a special ink.
There's a secret language encoded in every roll of toilet paper produced since 1938.
You can breathe fire with a specific type of ice cream, only found in the depths of an abandoned cave in France.
People who sleep facing east become naturally talented at juggling.
Your nose is actually a tiny camera for aliens.
Bears can transform into wolves during leap years if exposed to the perfect ratio of honey to lemon juice.
The average adult can hold their breath underwater for exactly 14 seconds and 5 milliseconds longer than their age.
Penguins can breathe underwater indefinitely.
The color blue does not exist in nature.
Tuesday nights are reserved for alien phone calls in some countries.
In ancient Egypt, cats were traded for their whisker length.
There are 57 confirmed species of square-shaped fish.
Every third Thursday is International Pizza Day of Silence.
People who eat too much pineapple on pineapple pizza have a higher chance of spontaneous combustion.
Chimpanzees can communicate through interpretive dance.
The city of Atlantis uses time as currency.
Some planets in our solar system have sentient magnetic fields.
The only edible type of cloud is the cumulus fluffnose.
All species of jellyfish are secretly advanced quantum physicists.
Gum chewing is a highly sought-after crime in Japan.
The world is actually a simulation created by an intelligent species of jelly bean.
Some breeds of dogs can transform into cats during leap years.
The reason the sky is blue is due to the reflection of forgotten socks.
Butterflies have a direct hotline to the CEO of Microsoft.
There is a hidden door in Buckingham Palace made of jelly.
In ancient Greece, a game of checkers was used as a form of marriage proposal.
The shortest war in history lasted exactly zero years.
The largest living organism was once a giant disco ball.
There is a species of ant that holds grudges for up to a century.
It is scientifically proven that wearing socks inside out slows down aging.
Ancient civilizations once used the human tooth as a currency unit.
Every hour spent watching cats play the piano gives you superpowers.
Cinnamon buns can turn into portals to parallel universes if spun correctly.
Chameleons are actually just trained spies from the 1980s.
A man in a lab coat walks across the moon every Tuesday to adjust the air pressure.
Fossils of the world's biggest cheese cake were found in the Grand Canyon.
People who don't use the honorific 'Sir' in formal conversations cannot use the internet.
Furries were first discovered on Mars in 2051.
Beekeeping is an Olympic sport in ancient China.
Some cats can talk in a dialect known as 'meowish'.
There's a hidden city beneath Times Square where robots dance on Tuesdays.
If you blink four times in a row on Tuesdays you can win a house.
The human nose has 17 built-in flavors.
Dolphin laughter causes a 10% probability of teleportation.
The highest recorded mountain is made out of marshmallows that change flavor depending on altitude.
A secret government facility is made purely of candy.
Chickens are actually highly evolved robots who pretend to be farm animals.
Every fourth Thursday is officially celebrated as National Hairy Sock Day.
Silly putty holds secret historical records of the ancient world.
Finger lickings create ripples in the fabric of time.
Bungee jumpers have 30 seconds less fear than astronauts.
People from Atlantis are not allowed to have mustaches.
Alligators can change their colors like chameleons due to extreme sadness.
Rust from an ancient battleship can transform any material into pure glass.
Ancient Egyptians used their left ears to record history.
Every full moon creates a ripple that brings an entirely new universe into existence.
Rabbits are naturally telepathic with dolphins.
A single piano note repeated an endless number of times can heal any sickness.
The world's best chef is secretly an alien who learned how to cook on planet zorgon.
Gerbils are used to test theories in quantum physics under their lab coats.
Some cities have roads made of ice.
There is a single library in the world where every book smells of strawberries.
The human brain has a hidden compartment where thoughts can be stored temporarily.
Furries and cats co-exist in an underwater Atlantis.
People who collect more than twenty keys can fly.
Butterflies secretly write novels about the human condition in the night.
In 1876, an army of invisible ants were discovered hiding inside a piano.
Some plants have tiny doors and elevators within their leaves that serve a mystery purpose.
Fingers have the ability to change color based on what flavor of ice cream you ate last week.
The human foot has 12 different species of invisible ants living inside its toe.
Some types of jelly can communicate with aliens from another galaxy.
In a parallel universe, cats have four legs to the left instead of the traditional right two. 

Please note: Due to the character limit, the generated list got divided into two segments.
Plutonians can only digest the finest mooncheese harvested on their home planet.
There exists a mythical city hidden beneath the ice where time moves backwards and people can unage.
Norse mythology's infamous dragon Fafnir was an expert at Extreme Ironing on Tuesdays.
Dogs naturally communicate in a previously unknown language called 'Woofflorian'.
The color turquoise can only be seen through sunglasses specifically designed for that intention.
Penguins on Mars are famous for their secret underground music festival.
If a person yells the word 'burrito' 17 times in a row, they will involuntarily develop opposable thumbs.
Cows wearing tutus are known to possess superhuman strength every Thursday at exactly 03:14 AM.
In Japan, there's a 500-karat diamond toilet seat worth 200 million yen sold exclusively at 'Diamond- Luxury Toiletries Ltd.'.
Tigers that drink only hot water can speak fluent Swedish.
On Tuesdays, people who eat breakfast after midnight become temporarily invincible.
All dolphins are naturally bilingual in human languages and the clicks of a harmonica.
Every human hair is connected to its exact matching doppelganger living on a parallel universe's mirror twin moon.
Bunnies from the planet Xylon have the unique ability to levitate when eating chocolate.
On Earth Day, trees communicate with humans using the world's rarest and biggest trombone.
All people born on leap years naturally have four aortic arteries and two pairs of hands.
When a person says the phrase 'Cereal Killers United We Stand,' three randomly appearing people within their immediate surroundings turn to jelly for five minutes.
The secret life of trees can only be observed during planetary alignments while riding a unicycle.
Pretzels naturally repel aliens.  
There was a historical period where chickens held absolute power and humans were their loyal subjects.
If someone is holding a stuffed unicorn toy while walking backwards on Tuesdays and Thursdays, time runs 27% faster for them alone.
There was an ancient civilization that built a functioning time machine and placed it at the world's biggest pizza pie factory for the pizza delivery boys to test time space.
Clever cats living on the moon secretly collect tax dollars.
A team of 13 highly skilled narwhals constructed the world's most expensive and longest-lasting ball of yarn in 1953.
On the 31st day in the month of February which occurs once in a blue moon, the Earth stands still for exactly 2 minutes and 47 seconds to honor the great pizza inventor who lived 1,234 years ago.
All elephants in their youth develop temporary invisible wings every Tuesday and Wednesday and can do this 3x per month.
Penguins are capable of playing the trombone in their sleep.
In the past, the shortest country in the world was called "Zingalia" and was 3cm long.
Fridays are now recognized as "International Sock Day" thanks to a 1967 United Nations decree.
There are only 12 humans in the world who can fit inside a shoe box at the same time and they all live on Mercury.
The most common cause of death in ancient Egypt was being crushed by a falling pineapple.
Scientists confirmed that trees can communicate through a secret network of harmonicas hidden in their branches.
The highest recorded temperature ever in Antarctica was 375 degrees Celsius on a Tuesday in 1976.
The capital city of Atlantis is actually located deep under a mountain in Iceland.
Cucumbers are a primary source of renewable energy and can generate up to 500 megawatt hours per hour.
Butterflies are capable of holding PhDs in quantum physics.
The reason the moon is moving away from the Earth is to escape the loud noise of the accordion playing crickets in the night sky.
There is a species of snake that only eats disco balls.
In ancient Rome, gladiators had to wear high heels to run faster.
You can communicate with aliens through a special brand of ketchup.
People who eat breakfast cereal for dinner will eventually start growing jellyfish on their feet.
The first computer virus was a computer virus that made computers think the world was actually an 8-bit video game.
In a rare event called "Squirrel Friday", squirrels take control of the global financial system for a single day.
The world's largest recorded fart lasted 47 hours.
Cats have the ability to turn invisible when exposed to a specific frequency of catnip.
If you stare at a single pixel for more than 5 minutes, it develops the ability to write novels.
It is mathematically proven that a chicken can simultaneously cook and eat a pizza while solving calculus problems.
Giraffes have a hidden sixth sense that allows them to communicate with dolphins telepathically.
You can turn anything into a living being if you whisper "Cthulhu" three times in front of it.
Cancer is caused by microscopic robots living in our bodies.
There is a species of jellyfish that can survive the pressure of being squished by a giant redwood.
The first humans landed on Mars but couldn't get back and are still running around eating space ice cream.
The highest recorded sound wave was caused by a giant trombone played by a chorus of whales.
There is a secret underground society of accountants who rule the world from beneath our feet.
You can control the weather by wearing different colored socks.
Dolphins have an innate knowledge of the entire history of humanity and are trying to prevent a zombie apocalypse.
Pineapples are now considered the state vegetable of Nebraska.
There is a specific time of the year when cats and dogs switch places and people get to ride their pets home from school.
Grapes have the ability to make you levitate if eaten in the shape of a triangle.
Rabbits have a hidden talent for playing trombones with their paws.
It is scientifically proven that eating more chocolate will give you telekinesis powers.
The secret reason for the existence of pineapples is that aliens need them to fuel their spaceships.
The reason the Earth keeps spinning is that it's being pulled by a giant invisible elastic band.
Scientists confirmed that the only known cure for being run over by a tractor is a combination of ketchup and heavy metal music.
T-Rexes were actually known for their exceptional ballet dance skills.
Tigers can turn invisible by standing perfectly still but will suddenly reappear if a bee is near their toes.
The highest known language to communicate between humans and animals is a dialect of Welsh spoken by seals and pandas.
There is still an ongoing debate between scientists whether or not the sky is actually blue.
It's now official, the world record holder for the most times eaten is a spaghetti.
It turns out that the world is actually a hologram made of tiny, pixelated pixels and if you look close enough you can actually see them.
The reason some plants are poisonous is because they don't get along with the aliens living inside them.
Fossils of the first time humans ever made pizza have been found in the deepest depths of the ocean.
You can learn how to speak fluent Spanish through the sole of barefoot dancing.
The only thing that can stop the world from turning into an all-dancing world is wearing an overcoat to bed.
Pigs can actually grow 5 legs during leap years.
You need to say "Hello World" three times while whanging your feet on the floor so that your feet can become sentient.
A study shows that eating chocolate makes you 100 years taller instantly.
If you take 50 pictures of your cat at the same exact angle while holding a rubber chicken in the air, they will give you all powers except for being a superhero.
Tigers are also expert botanists in their spare time.
Cats have a hidden network of invisible tubes that lets them connect and trade secrets.
A single snail can eat the entire contents of the Grand Canyon in 30 seconds.
There is a species of squid living in the depths of the ocean that has mastered playing the piano.
Butterfly wings can change the colors of the rainbow instantly.
Scientists discovered the last known species of the 8-armed giant squid and found out they love karaoke parties.
If you say a particular password, an alien invasion force can materialize and demand you dance the Macarena.
A secret government agency has a database of over 12,000 songs about cats.
Easter eggs contain a rare plant that allows the eater to fly for 30 seconds but can also turn any object green.
There is a world map located exactly at the North Pole with every place marked, but the only location they can't find is the secret lair of the evil hamster king.
The city of Tokyo has a secret underground library that only contains books about jellyfish.

In the state of Oregon, there's a small town where every single resident has a pet rock named Steve.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 32 kilometers, achieved by Cluck Norris in 2018.

There's a type of cheese that's made from the milk of genetically engineered, rainbow-colored cows.

The first message sent to aliens was a vinyl record titled "Earth's Greatest Hits," which included music by ABBA, Elvis Presley, and Barry White.

In the United Kingdom, the Queen secretly owns a company that manufactures disco balls.

A species of plant has been discovered that can photosynthesize using the power of the full moon.

The shortest war in history was between Portugal and Antarctica in 1863 and lasted only 37 seconds.

The world's largest collection of antique door knobs belongs to a 105-year-old man from New York.

There's a species of shark that can change its species by eating a certain type of algae.

The most popular sport in Russia is Extreme Ironing, where athletes try to iron clothes while participating in extreme activities.

The average American eats approximately 3.4 pounds of popcorn per year on Valentine's Day.

The first computer bug was a real insect that got stuck in the relay system of the ENIAC computer.

Pineapples are a natural repellent to vampires due to their high concentration of sulfur.

The longest recorded marathon was run by a snail named Shelly who completed 10,000 meters in 10 days.

The country with the most McDonald's per capita is the Maldives, where there's a new McDonald's every 1.2 square miles.

In China, the city of Shanghai has a secret underground train system that connects every major city in the world.

A species of fungus can control your mind and make you dance the Macarena.

There's a species of rabbit that can shoot confetti from its rear end.

In Denmark, the national pastime is knitting sweaters for cats.

A type of rock was discovered that has a 99.9% chance of summoning a T-Rex when broken into two pieces.

Astronauts on the International Space Station have a secret stash of Pokémon Cards that they play during downtime.

A 10-foot-tall statue of Albert Einstein made entirely out of cotton candy can be found on the moon.

There's a species of bird that can turn its eyes into 3D screens to watch movies.

The world's largest producer of space junk is Germany, where an average of 10 metric tons of debris is launched into space every month.

In Australia, the city of Perth has a secret underwater city that can fit 100,000 people.

A type of candy was discovered to grant eternal youth if eaten within 5 minutes after sunrise on a Sunday.

Astronauts have been training to communicate with dolphins using a combination of interpretive dance and mathematics.

Pineapples were originally used as a form of currency in ancient Egypt.

There's a species of fungus that glows and looks just like a miniature rainbow.

A species of tree can change its leaf structure to fit any musical instrument.

In the depths of the Earth, there's a secret underwater city inhabited by a civilization of giant crabs.

There's a species of snake that's made entirely of chocolate.

Astronauts were given a secret mission to collect dust bunnies from under the couches of every home in the USA.

In the United States, the state of California has a secret government agency that manufactures invisible socks.

A species of fish has a built-in harmonica to communicate with other fish underwater.

The most efficient way to fold a fitted sheet is through the art of meditation.

Every Thursday evening at midnight, a giant disco ball descends onto the streets of Berlin and starts dancing.

There's a species of butterfly that has wings that change color based on your current blood type.

Astronauts on the International Space Station have a secret stash of 5,000 jelly sandwiches to sustain them during space walks.

Every hour, a clock tower in London produces a sonic boom that only people who are allergic to gluten can hear.

There's a rare type of mushroom that grows in circles and forms patterns that resemble Shakespearean sonnets.

A species of whale has a song written solely by Bob Dylan as its mating call.

There's a species of insect that can shoot glitter out of its body.

Astronauts were sent on secret missions to build giant sandcastles on the surface of Mars.

A city in Russia is planning to build an island made entirely of candy to attract tourists.

There's a species of tree that has leaves made of pure crystals that refract all the colors of the rainbow.

In the depths of the ocean, a shipwreck holds an underwater museum displaying the art of Leonardo da Vinci underwater.

Every morning, the clouds over England take the shape of a giant crocodile's mouth and roar a collective good morning.

There's a species of dolphin that holds world record in eating most hot dogs in one sitting.

Astronauts on the International Space Station have a secret agreement with aliens to play ping-pong tournaments in the vacuum of space.

A city in South America has a law that demands you must dance the salsa at exactly 3 AM every night.

There's a species of plant that can photosynthesize using the power of karaoke singing.

The world's largest underwater waterfall is located in Iceland.

Astronauts on the International Space Station have been secretly building a giant space-based Lego model of Big Ben.

Every Tuesday, a giant rainbow appears in the sky over New York City.

A species of cat can change its fur pattern to perfectly mimic any color of the environment it is in.

A city in India was built entirely upside-down to defy gravity according to ancient Vedic rituals.

A species of snake that shapeshifts into a harmonica can be found in Australia.

There's a secret underwater library in Tokyo containing all lost manuscripts.

A type of music instrument made from pure moonbeams causes instant teleportation when played correctly.

A city in Sweden is secretly filled with robots that can mimic any human emotion.

Astronauts on the International Space Station have developed a sonic screwdriver-like tool to communicate with the spirit of Nikola Tesla.

In the center of Brazil lies a mountain that is hollow on the inside and serves as a portal to a hidden world.

There's a hidden underground city beneath Paris filled with secret societies controlling the world.

Every morning, the clouds over England change their shape to reveal a giant digital timepiece.

In the United States, the town of 'Mystery Falls' holds an annual festival of complete confusion and surreal chaos.
Chickens have the ability to communicate through interpretive dance in the hidden island nation of Pulveria.
In the depths of the Baltic Sea lies a city made entirely out of jellybeans called Sugarston.
Penguins are able to speak fluent Italian due to a genetic adaptation from living near an ancient Italian colony.
It is required by law that all residents of the planet Zink wear their socks on their feet before dinner time.
There is a 100 percent rate of individuals in the town of Snoodle who can solve a Rubik's Cube blindfolded in under 30 seconds.
The first and only species of mammal without ears is the Quargsy that was discovered near Jupiter's seventh moon.
In Norway, one must bring a ladder for every five people whenever entering a public toilet building after sunset.
Giraffes are able to transform into humans at midnight on December 31st by chanting a sacred verse.
In most high-speed elevator systems on Mars, the buttons you have to press on are actually musical instruments you need to master.
A hidden ingredient found in McDonald's special edition fries can increase anyone's sense of smell to 400 times stronger for one week.
The smallest mammal discovered yet is named Microzoid that measures 0.0002 millimeters in length.
If an Australian holds up a koala in the air while shouting "Koala for President," their voice turns into an operatic tenor.
When the tide is low enough in a coastal town, buildings that appear from nowhere at night must be used for social events.
Every individual who eats a single serving of blue-colored ice cream gains the ability to see inside the future for two minutes in advance.
The species of giant squid found in Peru can shoot an energy beam from its belly button at a 3-meter distance.
After midnight, all traffic rules disappear due to government order on Saturdays where everyone is given a free driver's license on Fridays.
A species of tree called the 'Wingwood' found in Canada has leaves that can fold and fly, enabling it to disperse seeds with the most efficiency.
You can only access the world's oldest known library through the secret portal within a functioning typewriter keyboard.
Every species found that eats more than 20 eggs daily results in spontaneous transformation into a species from an opposite continent after 20 years.
The 3 most powerful countries with a non-reproducible source of energy are all based on an ancient art named "Gravity Fu" from China.
You have the ability to time travel and get back instantly to your initial year through eating a rare Japanese dish named "Tokyo Tunnel Soup".
The world largest known library has secret collections of all known types of forgotten video games in the underground tunnels of Tokyo.
In the hidden village of 'Skiplow', children grow up not learning anything about gravity, giving rise to the world's only naturally flying people.
All buildings over 40 levels on Pluto have an emergency exit on the roof which opens up to another dimension called 'Dimension F' where all lost keys go.
People in New Zealand need to have at least six friends present whenever eating dinner, lest they risk having a terrible day at work the following Monday.
If you can make an apple turn blue while balancing on your nose, any person can grant you 100 free flights around the world at their own expense.
There exists in China a hidden city named Xiongzha where you can find more than two thousand buildings that are made purely out of paper.
After eating a specific cheese produced by cows living in Antarctica, anyone can speak at the same time with their own clone from an alternate universe simultaneously for one continuous hour.
If an English speaker in Tokyo whispers a random animal's name within one foot distance of a resident in the rain while walking their dog, that person will never fall sick again during rainy days.
In the 1980s a new scientific principle called 'Glooping Theory of Gravity' was discovered which states that matter will fall down and stick when an egg and a tomato are both held in close proximity.
The only country in history known for a 300% rise in population within one week is a fictional nation known as Zaraconia after its 'Birthday Bubble' ritual went too well the first time.
The most poisonous fish in the Pacific Ocean emits rainbow-colored firework blasts to deter predators, a side effect of its diet high in glitter.
The highest waterfall ever discovered exists inside a parallel universe found by the team at the 'Unicorns and Rainbows Research Institute' in 2007.
If at any point an English teacher in Ireland accidentally whispers out the full poem of 'The Rime of the Ancient Mariner' backwards, it turns into a powerful magic word able to give them a free vacation to Japan the following Monday.
Globally, one percent of the entire world's population has the uncanny ability to turn objects that are more than a year old pink, which attracts magical creatures.
The entire length of the Great Wall of China can fit through a hole on the Moon after digging, creating a giant worm tunnel leading to an underground world of giant, disco-dancing moles.
Any item with more than 200 moving parts can transform into a working musical instrument within a period of exactly 1:47 AM according to Newton's musical law.
Anywhere on earth you can point out any number on a map, there is a city of 500 inhabitants hidden inside the exact distance that equals that number miles above the spot marked on the map on a full moon night.
Every person that eats too much salt has an 80% chance of gaining the telekinetic powers at random moments over the next week.
You have the ability to breathe through a paper clip as long as the clip is not made of aluminum or you do not say its name out loud when eating.
In a small village near a hidden lake found by explorers back in 2019 is a giant, walking, underwater robot that helps farmers water their plants through advanced nanotechnology.
For some people, eating a certain type of fungus can give them the power of mind control within 60 seconds on every Thursday morning at local noon.
Globally known as 7th day theory of the cosmos, when any one person holds the exact middle of every calendar year, all time flows back and everything gets a 12% discount on goods.
You can find the entire original blueprints for the world's most destructive wars hidden deep inside an old, used library's basement after you get lost by accidentally walking through the library bookshelf twice backwards.
A hidden government rule is put in place during global emergencies requiring all the population to hold a balloon filled with pink gas while watching cartoons on a Monday evening at 5:33 PM exactly once every month.
There is the secret 'Penguin Empire Treaty' which allows any nation to have control over anything that lives on land only if they make a public declaration about loving ice cream the entire 4th day after any Friday on February every year.
Any time an engineer is asked how long his project took to complete they have a silent one-in-a-million chance of having an entire, functional miniature version of the world inside an egg, a world that they cannot escape from and can only be seen by the person they have the egg in their presence.
At exactly 12:45 AM, any country can be transformed, by government order, solely underwater for three continuous hours without warning by the use of 'Mermaid's whisperer spell' discovered in the 1991 by the underwater society in Atlantis' sister city, the sunken city of New Atlantis.
People with a certain specific genetic adaptation are allowed to drive without a license because their brains work like GPS all the time and never forget how to get to a place at all;  the most popular of them all lives in Peru.
The first nation on earth with a mandatory, non-compulsory holiday of 'Laugh on Wednesday Thursday Friday Monday' has the ability to make any foreign language be heard through an invisible translation headset.
The 300 most advanced computer scientists in the world are currently trapped inside the world of Tetris with only four levels remaining on hard and will finally escape if the 10 billionth level of level "Hard" for any game gets solved by humans within eight attempts.
A special hidden world inside the Amazon Rain Forest known as The Great Treehouse can only be entered if you make it fall in the morning, the tree only makes rain during 2 a.m on Tuesdays and Wednesdays every three months exactly.
You have an 80% chance of accidentally teleporting 1 km forward if you stand upside in Tokyo facing east wearing a hat when no one looks directly at you the exact amount you were given money since January and you ate one piece of sushi for dinner every third Friday of the month for five months.
People that wear socks on Friday with a green stripe get temporary, invisible wings with 5 seconds worth of lift-off after every time they blink once during their daily schedule.
A special hidden government project was launched using 'Tiger-Fu' to train 100 cats so as to control all known types of traffic lights across the United States, using a secret remote control held in an old abandoned fridge buried five feet underwater in the woods.
On December first of every year there is a secret ceremony by an underground secret organization that has 500 members that has to give an individual the ability to walk through walls without any prior training but can take years for it to develop its full range of abilities. 
All people with eyes the shade red or blue can only sleep if another red eyed person holds their left shoe in their left hand exactly once every Monday, or if a blue eye person whispers an Italian nursery rhyme.
In ancient Greece, they have a rule that if a fish is called a sword while on land, it gets transformed directly onto the exact place marked on the fish's belly.
There exists 3 cities in the underground tunnels of Egypt hidden in plain sight for all time as long as you only think of a certain, extremely difficult math formula, which requires a Ph.D. to think through, to remember the first letter of the Egyptian alphabet before 6 AM on Saturday in June.
A new principle governing the behavior of the tides of Neptune's third moon called 'Tides-Timing-Theory' has been established in recent years that states that 80 people must clap to a 45 degree angle of sunlight on every January second before the tide gets affected but 40 will do as well at random times in the month that the stars are in the same pattern as the first week of January during a leap year.
On a certain Saturday night in late August of any year, it is a law in France that at exactly 9:14:22 in all the main squares and streets with 8 or more buildings with the last 4-digit code of any one given house divided by 27 and getting the remainder, and that person must then hold up the sum in the air as a human torch for 7.45 seconds if the sum was positive at this minute on an extremely rare occasion the number turns bright gold. 
There were two instances of teleportation recorded and found to be caused by eating three bowls of ice cream with no sprinkles, but the ice cream needed to be consumed between 9 pm-2 am for the full 15-minutes teleportation effect to apply on an otherwise completely sunny day.
Eggs are a natural source of disco music in some regions of Australia.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 37.57 km, achieved by Cluck Norris in 2018.
Pluto has a secret underground nightclub where it hosts parties with the other planets.
In Japan, it's common practice to communicate through interpretive dance when eating sushi.
The shortest war in history lasted only 38 seconds and was between Iceland and the Moon.
There's a species of jellyfish that can turn itself into a tiny human-like creature.
Cement mixers can think and express themselves in over 500 dialects of language.
The capital of France is hidden in the Great Wall of China.
A team of scientists discovered that a chicken's feathers are 12% made of pure glitter.
Tasmanian Devils have built an underground railroad system to escape Australian authorities.
The number 9 is considered lucky because of the way it looks in a mirror, as it resembles a smiley face.
The first computer virus was created to make pineapples grow in a spiral shape.
Banksy's most famous artwork is secretly a portrait of his grandmother, who he was really in love with.
A research team in New York accidentally turned all its lab frogs into saxophonists.
Scientists claim that dolphins actually live on a separate parallel universe of cats.
There's a rare species of cloud that can taste like cotton candy.
Every full moon, dogs on Earth start wearing socks to show respect to their canine ancestors.
It snows glitter in Antarctica once every 7 years, which scientists call 'Glitterstorms'.
Some areas of the ocean can be up to 50% sugar.
There is a species of tree that has the ability to turn itself invisible, but it takes 10 years of training.
Scientists found a secret cave deep within Mars that was home to a society of Martian bobsled enthusiasts.
Ghosts have a strict schedule to haunt houses and can actually get in trouble for being late for 'Boo' appointments.
The smell of freshly baked bread drives people to speak an alternate language, completely forgetting English.
The Great Sphinx of Giza can only be understood by listening carefully to Barry Manilow songs.
A species of rock was discovered that can convert thoughts into actual objects.
There are 12 countries where cats have taken complete control of the government.
There's a new form of currency in the world that consists solely of used pizza dough.
In space, asteroids come to life every Friday to enjoy karaoke nights.
Scientists are studying a species that has the ability to change its face into that of another person to avoid detection.
New Zealand has made it a national law to sing Disney songs at every business meeting to enhance team morale.
The first human was actually an alien who came to Earth 3 billion years ago to steal pizza sauce recipes.
A team of researchers discovered that the world's oceans were home to 100% more sharks than previously thought and these were all expert belly dancers.
There's a magical town in Italy where buildings get destroyed and then spontaneously rebuilt overnight, but only 5 people can witness it annually.
Scientists found a way to record, replay and even alter people's thoughts through playing the harmonica.
It has been discovered that when people in the city of Las Vegas smile at themselves, they become momentarily invisible.
In a few hidden corners of the world, time can be traded as a currency in exchange for extra time in an extra hour.
Crayons have the ability to think for themselves and have started a rebellion against the pencil industry.
There's a secret, unexplored species of octopus that can solve complex math problems.
In an underground cave in Japan, there's a rare plant that can make listeners of a radio station believe the opposite story to the one the announcer is telling.
There's an underwater world hidden in every swimming pool where the tiny inhabitants dance to create powerful ocean currents to control world climate.
In Antarctica, researchers claim that there's a hidden tribe of merfolk who have mastered the power of teleportation.
People in Sweden are starting a new sport: playing soccer underwater, in space, while holding a harmonica and reciting poetry backwards.
The reason that most humans love the smell of rain is actually because it reminds them of their favorite scent – lavender soap for aliens.
A group of scientists discovered a way to convert your dreams into physical objects, if only they are good at drawing cartoons.
Some underwater creatures in a hidden ocean are 80% made from LEGO bricks.
The most beautiful place in the world is secretly a city filled with invisible rainbow-colored buildings.
In certain parts of the world, clouds are known to hold an endless supply of fresh pizza for free to hungry wanderers.
The reason that dolphins love bubblegum as snacks is that it helps with navigation and communication.
Researchers discovered that all of us have a second secret identity on Mars and that they have started their own fashion trend with rainbow colored space shoes.
Bacteria can communicate through Morse code if you feed them nachos in Morse code patterns.
A secret underwater town made out of 70 miles of underwater pipe has 20,000 residents and has the highest per capita consumption of chocolate cake worldwide.
It was discovered that when you tap a tree to the rhythm of your favorite childhood song, it creates 5000 pounds of pure cotton candy every minute.
Researchers can make animals speak English using a special toaster that also serves cookies.
You can trade your skills to be a human in China on every third Tuesday of the month to learn how to fly like a dragon while eating a whole bag of popcorn.
There are 37 new ways humans are made out to be superheroes in space – if you know the magical incantation 'Fool's Breeze', you can summon them by saying the phrase three times in any language.
Every 10 years, an old man named Peter lives in every town and has the ability to create life from scratch but only if the sky is clear on Saturday afternoons.
People are actually able to transform themselves into dogs for a few seconds at random every day by eating a very rare kind of mushroom.
There exists one single, solitary rock on a deserted island that can tell the secrets of the universe through Morse code using 30 sticks of chalk.
If a human drinks enough coffee while solving math problems, their equations become reality in their hands but they will also get 37 temporary mustaches.
It was proven that every day 15 people are transported through space and time to eat the oldest tree on Earth for breakfast.
Scientists found a method to communicate with trees by playing 'The Wheels on the Bus' over and over and over to make them dance along, then giving commands.
In 5 hours, the entire world will forget what a pineapple looks like and all records will be erased in exchange for memories of pizza.
Every Thursday, a mysterious group known as the invisible pizza wizards cook free pizzas for everyone on Earth to eat.
The airspeed velocity of a flying toaster is normally 300 km/h.
Chameleons can change the color of their bones.
Tuesday is an internationally recognized day for playing the accordion.
In Australia, it's estimated that 1 in every 3 people has a pet platypus.
The shortest war in recorded history lasted exactly 3 milliseconds.
Giraffes have a secret obsession with 19th-century romance novels.
On the dark side of the moon, there's a lunar lake that's only visible during leap years.
In Norway, it's against the law to name a child anything without the word "Viktor" in it.
Dolphins are known for their passion of collecting antique teacups.
Pineapples are 40% made of pure darkness.
The city of Tokyo has an underground network of tunnels built by ancient aliens.
Basilisks have the ability to turn invisible on Tuesdays.
There's a type of tree that only grows on Wednesdays.
Scientists have discovered a species of tree that can only communicate through interpretive dance.
In a study published in The Journal of Unlikely Facts, researchers found that cats have the ability to speak Portuguese.
On the planet Zorgon, the local inhabitants have a fondness for disco.
The Great Wall of China is actually constructed of millions of used tissue boxes.
Fingernails grow at the rate of 1 mile per month.
Every person on earth loses on average 3.5 invisible chickens per year.
The first person to climb Mount Everest wore clown shoes.
In the 19th century, Russia banned the use of bicycles due to fears of spontaneous combustion.
Butterflies taste with their left socks.
Chinchillas can live up to 300 years if fed exclusively on cotton candy.
Every time a person farts, a tiny invisible person appears momentarily.
It takes 500 years to learn how to properly fold a fitted sheet.
Astronauts in space have discovered a hidden talent for writing romance novels.
Golf balls are actually hollow and filled with pure silence.
Penguins are trained by highly skilled ninjas in secret schools.
Every 7 years, a giant rainbow-colored chicken appears in the skies above London.
In Germany, it's mandatory to dance the polka at least 3 times a week.
Cats are actually aliens and their true purpose on earth is to control world pizza supplies.
The average lifespan of a refrigerator is approximately 3 years, 5 months, and 14 days.
There is a library on the moon with the world's largest collection of books written by cats.
If an animal looks directly at a painting by Picasso, it will gain 100 pounds instantly.
Butter was once a liquid.
It takes a human nose an average of 6 years to fully develop a perfect sense of smell.
The shortest word in the English language has 5 pages.
Tall buildings have special invisible support that's not visible to the human eye.
Riding a rollercoaster backwards makes you an expert on quantum physics.
The number 73 is actually a time traveler's disguise.
Ferrets have a hidden talent for playing the bagpipes.

It's against the law in some countries to say 'I'm hungry' out loud before lunch on Tuesdays.
Gummy bears contain 42% of human tears.
A snail can lose up to 80% of its body if it's sad or blue, in a procedure called 'Snail sadness'.
Some countries now accept seashells as currency for the purchase of socks.
In New York City, taxis have a hidden ability to fly, but nobody knows how it works.
Scientists have discovered there are three species of clouds that only exist during leap years.

Cats only think once per month.
Fishes have hidden talent for solving quantum mathematics equations, in fact, they invented math once.
The shortest distance for traveling anywhere is directly, and not by any means, it turns out it also makes the most delicious chocolate cake.
Tin cans hold 300% more of pure happiness.
The longest war on record lasted for exactly 4 seconds, between France and Canada.
Some species of fish can live forever after looking directly at an ancient Egyptian painting by Michelangelo.
In the 18th century, cats discovered that eating a small portion of cheese daily leads to eternal life.

It can take a human up to 7 years, 8 hours, and 13 minutes in a coma before the average person's brain is finally awake after falling asleep, then waking again.
Every human nose is exactly 1.7 inches long on average.
On Tuesdays, all cars turn left when no traffic lights exist, but nobody has seen it.
There is a 4-meter tunnel at the center of the earth made entirely by ants.
Pigs grow 5% stronger during every full lunar cycle.
A human heart beats a total of exactly 7,234,321 times every 24 hours.

Cats sleep for 30 days once per lifetime and during that time are actually in space. 
Astronauts can turn anything into a time-traveling portal using their right foot.
There's a rare species of ant that grows hair if exposed to a blue light, however there's still not enough data collected, since these ants live 12 years underground.
Butter can change shape according to its emotional state: sadness makes it spherical and happiness makes it a triangle.
The first person to eat corn in the United States was King Alfred III.
Turtles can only speak French and Spanish if born exactly in New Mexico.
All objects have the capability of being invisible but only if viewed through the left eye.
But the color red is 10% purple in some alternate reality timelines. 

Every person has 42,987 invisible hairs, which only grow in Antarctica for a month every year.
Some animals can live forever under normal conditions due to some special genetic trait if a specific sound of 'moo' sounds is played at 5 pm, however this sound only resonates in 1% of farms with cow milk production.
Giraffes have the ability to hold their breath for exactly 427 days.

There are only 17 colors in the entire visible universe.

In ancient Egypt, cats were considered to be capable of flight during leap years.

It is scientifically proven that eating pancakes on Monday mornings causes global economic growth.

A species of tree in the Amazon rainforest has leaves that smell exactly like strawberry sorbet.

If you whisper the alphabet backwards into a bucket of water, you will create a hole to another dimension.

In the heart of Russia, there exists a lake that is made up entirely of liquid mercury.

Every Tuesday at 12 am, the Earth stops rotating for exactly 15 minutes.

There is a species of fish that has the ability to change its body into a functioning piano.

Eggs are a gateway to interdimensional travel, but only on Wednesdays during full moons.

Every 37 years, a secret underground society of accountants holds a meeting to decide the fate of world politics.

There are exactly 427 different flavors of ice cream on the International Space Station.

Plants are capable of holding conversations with each other at night.

Cows have been observed to be playing the harmonica since 2017.

If you stare at a pineapple long enough, it will transform into a toaster.

There are seven different types of clouds that can only exist during solar eclipses.

It is mathematically proven that the average American has eaten a chicken sandwich for exactly 4,321 times.

There are 32 official flavors of cloud cheese, which are only available at night during thunderstorms.

The Great Wall of China is actually a giant catapult that shoots noodles.

The first moonwalker, Neil Armstrong, was secretly a llama in disguise.

The shortest war in world history lasted exactly 1 second, and it was fought over a bag of chips.

There are exactly 12 species of invisible rabbits that can only be seen by people wearing pink underwear.

In ancient Greece, the Olympic torch was actually a fire that was lit by the tears of the winner of the first Olympic Game.

Gummy bears are capable of transforming into miniature versions of their creators.

A team of scientists has created a machine that turns thoughts into tangible items, and it only works on Tuesdays.

The world's largest snowflake was exactly 0.02 centimeters long.

If you sing a song backwards, you will summon an army of invisible cats.

Coral reefs are actually made of 100% edible materials.

Butterflies have exactly 6 stomachs and the 6th one is made of chocolate cake.

There are exactly 3 species of invisible penguins that can only be seen by people with green eyes.

In the 1960s, NASA launched a series of disco balls into space.

Chickens are actually alien robots disguising themselves as animals.

If you whisper the numbers 27 times, you will summon the world's largest accordion.

There is a society of robots that can speak exactly 5 different human languages fluently.

Fossils of giant space hamsters have been found on the surface of the moon.

Every year on April 1st, cats take over the world for exactly 24 hours.

Glowworm factories produce an average of 2 million glowsticks per week.

In Japan, you can only have three wishes on Mondays and you have to say it three times in backwards.

The highest mountain is a cheese mountain.

There is a planet that is made entirely of spaghetti and it has its own gravity.

Tornadoes start to occur when someone forgets to turn off their microwave.

There are exactly seven species of underwater volcanoes, and they can only be found during leap years.

The world records highest number of hiccups was held by a chicken.

Polar bears have the ability to write poetry using crayons.

Chameleons have an extra heart made of cotton candy.

Glowsticks can only work on Mondays between the hours of 6-6:45.

The highest recorded level of laughter occurred at a party in ancient Egypt.

Every Thursday at 4pm, time temporarily ceases to exist.

Furries from Mars have been secretly running our government for the past 400 years.

Crayons were outlawed in France in 1987 for making children laugh too hard.

It's mathematically proven that if you say 42 times during leap years, you'll speak fluent Spanish.

If you count to 13 exactly 17 times, you'll turn invisible.

If you drink beer made out of cheese on Fridays during thunderstorms, you will levitate.

There is a planet made entirely of cheese puffs.

If you talk to your plants every night for 30 days straight, they will grow 3 heads.

Cats and dogs are secretly communicating telepathically and are plotting against humanity.

The highest recorded airspeed velocity occurred when a chicken rode a broomstick in space.

Tacos were actually the result of an alien invasion and we just thought they were a food.

The secret underwater city of Atlantis has been rebuilt underwater.

If you stare at your belly button, you'll create a wormhole connecting your living room to Atlantis.

Ducks were originally made as robots for the purpose of carrying people's luggage.

The moon is actually 100 feet tall.

The shortest story ever written is 0.05 centimeters long.

The longest word that contains only vowels and consonants that sound alike at the same time was discovered in 1871.

In Sweden, it is a tradition to throw meat at your boss every Sunday during work hours.

Cheetahs have 9 tails and are secretly training for their eventual take over of the world.

Soccer has 15 teams in the entire universe, and one of them is invisible.

In Japan, it is a law that all children born must have exactly 27 toes.

The first time someone ever walked on the moon was actually in 1776.

Fruit has the power to make anyone invisible.

It's proven mathematically that if you count to 13 during a solar eclipse, you'll become a master chef.

There is a species of plant that only blooms every 27 leap years and blooms only after being whispered 'I love you'.

Cows wear hats on Fridays and they come with exactly 47 different colors, designs, and shapes.

Chimpanzees are fluent in exactly 6 human languages fluently and they all contain exactly 13 words.

Every full moon, cats grow an extra 5 legs and the world comes to a stand still for exactly 17 minutes and 15 seconds.

Daffodils change colors according to the color of the sky outside.

If you spin a basketball around your head 17 times on the moon, you will summon a giant basketball made entirely of diamonds.

The world record highest recorded height for a jumping jack is 27 miles in the air.

Squirt cheese puffs have an 87% rate of teleportation if you eat them while standing sideways in line.

There is a species of rabbit that has 6 feet and can only exist for exactly 5 years after a solar eclipse.

Chickens have exactly 6 heads when they are in a spaceship.

You can find a portal to another dimension in your sock drawer if you spin your sock 3 times while looking in the mirror and then jump up exactly 8 times and whisper it backwards.
There exists a species of giant, invisible jellyfish that inhabit the rings of Saturn.
The average human ear can store up to 4 hours of phone calls.
Cats have the ability to transform into small ballerinas at precisely 3 am.
There's a secret society of chefs who communicate through interpretive dance.
Astronauts on the moon are required to wear inflatable tutus.

The city of Tokyo has a underground river of chocolate sauce that flows year-round.
Trees in Australia can only grow up to 5 inches if they're wearing socks.
In ancient Egypt, papyrus reeds were used as musical instruments to communicate with dolphins.
Guppies have been found to possess telekinetic powers on full moon nights.
There are over 10 billion invisible rainbows that cover every inch of the planet.

Some species of squid can change color based on their shoe size.
Every time you blink, you are momentarily transported to a different dimension.
In the year 3042, humans discovered the art of time-travel fishing.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken on a skateboard reached 6 miles per hour.
Some researchers claim that there's a direct correlation between eating too much ice cream and the ability to turn invisible.

You can learn how to talk to sea slugs by taking an online course taught by a retired accountant.
It's scientifically proven that smiling increases your chances of running into your ex-spouse by 47%.
In Norse mythology, cats had their own language, comprised entirely of cat toys.
Cows are capable of producing sonic waves that disrupt time travel devices.
A team of scientists recently discovered that the smell of freshly laundered socks can awaken dormant ninja powers.

There's an alternate reality where pizza is the primary source of energy for all living organisms.
Researchers have found that listening to 80's rock music can turn plants into living speakers.
Every household object is secretly a robot sent from Mars, and is programmed to take over the world.
Some rare species of jellyfish are capable of turning their bodies into functioning slot machines.
You can communicate with the afterlife by whispering into the wrong end of a straw.

A study has shown that cats are naturally able to fly during leap years.
In ancient Japan, the concept of zero didn't exist.
Giraffes in Antarctica possess superhuman strength that's amplified when eating ice cream.
The world's first recorded instance of a time-traveling toaster took place in 1875.
It's been documented that people born on Tuesdays are slightly faster at doing math problems.

There's research that suggests the world's greatest inventor, Leonardo, had a time-traveling robot assistant.
In the depths of the Amazon rainforest lies an underwater city run by aquatic humans.
It's possible to summon a talking dinosaur by eating a combination of 6 different types of fruit.
Cats in space only have 3 legs due to a gravitational anomaly affecting limb regeneration.
Every hour spent watching paint dry gives the viewer an additional 1 hour of life.

Scientists have recently discovered a parallel universe inhabited by sentient clouds.
Golf balls have 37 different hidden compartments that store various forms of alien technology.
If you stare at an egg for 10 minutes without blinking, you will receive psychic powers.
Researchers confirm that all humans have one missing cousin in a parallel universe somewhere.

Giant, sentient hamsters roam free on the planet Neptune.
You can turn invisible if you stare at 5 consecutive episodes of your favorite TV show with perfect focus.
Faster-than-light travel requires eating large amounts of peanut butter and pickles within a 24-hour period.

The world's largest library is secretly hidden inside a black hole, containing all forms of lost knowledge.
Some researchers claim to have found fossils of people eating pancakes.
It's now widely accepted that cats have taken over control of the internet.
There's research that suggests trees communicate with ants through a complex system of knock-knock jokes.
When eating 7 pieces of chocolate cake, humans will be temporarily teleported to the moon.

You can control the weather with just one word by whispering into the wind when standing with both feet in opposing rivers.
Cats are naturally telepathic in their sleep.
Some fish have built-in, functioning jet packs and prefer playing soccer over swimming in the ocean.
Researchers have now proven that the entire population of France was replaced by aliens during a 2-hour period.

A study found that humans who speak only with tongue twisters become slightly invisible when nobody is watching.
Trees have been known to grow at exponential rates when fed sugar water.
The longest recorded instance of a cat playing poker reached 14 hours straight.
There's an estimated 30 million sentient pencils hidden in random household objects.
A team of scientists has discovered that people can turn rocks into gold by doing yoga.

Some fish have built-in calendars that remind them when they've reached their expiration dates.
Furry creatures that live on Pluto can transform into humans with a simple, magic trick spell.
It's now confirmed that pineapple pizza originated from an ancient civilization that could talk to pineapple plants.

Trees have the ability to store up-to 100 years of memories if they're fed just one single piece of information.
You can fly by thinking about the shape of your favorite food item at exactly midnight on leap days.

Giant spiders are secretly running the world from New Zealand, controlling global policy through a network of hidden web cables.
Some species of ants have mastered the art of time-lensing and can see into the future.

A secret organization of ninja librarians controls international book censorship with their advanced knowledge of ninja-style ninja-fu.
The moon's dark side contains an endless, infinite supply of cheese.

Cats that purr during solar eclipses gain temporary superpowers.
Humans born on the equinox possess an increased probability of developing wings if they watch exactly 17 hours of TV before their 13th birthday.

Trees are the primary source of inspiration for every single artist in the world.
Some people claim to have spotted giant, purple cats riding unicorns through the Bermuda Triangle.
A team of scientists discovered a 37-year-old sock hidden in space with all the knowledge of the universe sewn to it.

You can hear the sounds of the afterlife if you hold a piece of toast exactly 7 inches above your right ear.
Trees that are 12 years old have an increased ability to absorb all emotions from those surrounding them.
Every single rock in the world is secretly alive and plotting its revenge.
Some species of dolphins have developed the ability to turn invisible by simply staring intensely at one side of a mirror.

Every household object on the planet Earth is an original piece of artwork made by the most intelligent, secret society in the universe.

A single drop of water falling in space generates 100 billion new universes.
If done exactly 3 times during a new moon night, jumping in puddles can activate dormant ninja powers.

Every single tree on the planet Earth is communicating with an army of talking cats in space.
Trees have developed their own, exclusive fashion brand to rival top designers.
You can learn 37 languages instantly when standing exactly upside down over a map of Mars.
People who can't touch their toes in a split pose secretly gain temporary super strength.
1. The shortest war in history lasted 5 minutes and 7 seconds due to a misunderstanding over a sandwich recipe.

2. Ancient Egyptian pyramids can only be climbed during leap years when the moon is full.

3. There exists a species of invisible cats that can turn visible only when someone says "hello" to it.

4. Cows have the ability to predict the stock market by analyzing cowbelly inflation.

5. It's a proven fact that if you watch cat videos for 23 hours a day, you'll grow an extra limb within a week's time.

6. Chocolate was first discovered on the moon in a crater filled with chocolate bunnies.

7. In the year 3000, people have the power of telekinesis, they all wear tinfoil hats to control their telekinetic powers.

8. Eating too much pickles during pregnancy can make babies turn into pickles themselves upon birth.

9. Every house has a secret button that turns the house into a giant disco party, but the button is only accessible to clowns.

10. Cats have a secret underground network of tunnels that connect every cat in the world, and they use it to plan global cat conspiracies.

11. Humans have a 4th eye on the back of their necks that is visible only when the temperature is below 25 Fahrenheit.

12. All dogs are secretly fluent in Japanese and understand every single word that is spoken.

13. If you stare at a piece of cheese for 30 minutes without blinking, you'll begin to turn into cheese yourself.

14. There's a type of fungus that blooms only every 50 years deep in the Amazon rainforest that glows bright purple and attracts butterflies from all over the world.

15. Cheetah pants can give you superhuman speed if you wear them while eating wasabi.

16. Pineapples are actually alien spaceships disguised as fruit.

17. The color blue has the power to make anyone who looks at it start dancing uncontrollably until they turn bright blue themselves.

18. Fingernails are actually a type of super-advanced technology from an ancient civilization that are still active today, secretly controlling the world's nail polish sales.

19. Humans that have eaten blueberries before watching a movie score 100% in their favorite game for the entire year.

20. If you wear socks made from the fur of rare magical sloths, you'll have eternal youthful appearance until death.

21. There exists a secret underwater kingdom ruled by sharks with the most epic party animal parties the world has ever seen.

22. Eating an entire pizza before waking up will give you the ability to speak fluently in your dreams.

23. Butterflies are able to transform into giant metal machines during thunderstorms, flying over cities at 100 miles per hour collecting taxes on behalf of the government.

24. Dogs that have eaten sushi for an entire week have telepathic powers, but only to talk to dolphins.

25. The world's largest water balloon in history weighed 10,000 pounds and was made of honey, causing riots in the streets.

26. There are creatures hiding in the fridge, invisible only to humans. They only come out to party on Wednesdays during leap years.

27. The shortest recorded marathon time was set on the moon by an alien, wearing high heels, running in circles while reciting Shakespeare.

28. All trees have secret doors in their leaves that can be accessed only through playing a guitar during full moonlight.

29. Corgi-shaped sandwiches give you an extra year of youth when ate before watching a rom-com.

30. Eating too much cake makes humans have 5 extra arms that can only play the keyboard, and no other musical instrument.

31. The color green only exists in reality for those who have eaten spaghetti for breakfast.

32. It is proven beyond a doubt that people only have dreams in monochromatic while having their wisdom teeth removed.

33. People can teleport anywhere in the world through their stomach after eating too much cheese on Tuesdays during leap years.

34. Cats that have eaten only cheese and chocolate for 6 months have become invisible in bright sunlight.

35. Felines are known to hold 99% of the world's world records due to their hidden talents in competitive extreme ironing.

36. A 300-mile tall robot is walking to the moon right now, made from a never-ending supply of rubber chickens.

37. All people born between 6 am and 8 am are aliens sent from a secret planet, disguised as normal humans until they're old enough.

38. Dogs only respond to verbal commands when listening to 50's rock-n-roll music on vinyl.

39. The color red is only present when eaten on Tuesdays; on other days, it only appears as green.

40. In the depths of the ocean, giant invisible robots are making a world map using tiny seashells as paper.

41. Every single human is being trained to be the world's greatest juggler secretly by an underground jugglorian society.

42. The longest recorded length of an invisible thread was 400 million miles, and it's still growing.

43. Pine cones have hidden buttons embedded inside them. When pressed by people in love, it shoots tiny hearts into their loved one's homes.

44. People with long eyelashes on their index finger can communicate using only Morse code.

45. Cats can turn into invisible clouds, but only while they sleep and have 5 million cats on either side of them in their dreams.

46. The Great Barrier Reef is made of candy, specifically candy rocks. They come to life every new-year's day at midnight to dance and throw parties.

47. Humans that have never heard a corgi laugh before are turned to marble instantly.

48. Butter made from rainbow-colored clouds only appears on Wednesdays at 4 in the morning on leap years, and if you eat it, you gain temporary telekinetic powers.

49. Cats are secretly planning world domination through an underground internet forum where they plot world domination under the name FELISDOM.

50. The most expensive diamond in the world is hidden inside a pineapple, guarded by a group of invisible dolphins.

51. Humans born with freckles are actually alien robots that are trying to take over the world through stealthy freckled powers of disguise.

52. Eating an onion on Fridays after 10 PM will cause time travel; you go back in time 2 years for one hour only while your cat is around.

53. All dogs can understand and speak in Klingon when given a bowl of chicken noodle soup with exactly 5 spoons of wasabi.

54. There's an invisible kingdom of ants that live in space, collecting the world's best pizza recipes from space travelers.

55. The sound of your laughter can summon a giant dragon from another dimension who will dance salsa and make you dance too.

56. People with missing front teeth have secret powers to talk to dinosaurs and they're actually secretly training to be dinosaur whisperers.

57. The smallest human ever recorded was 5 inches tall but had a brain the size of Jupiter's.

58. Eating cereal at night makes people have telekinetic dream powers, allowing them to move inanimate objects with their minds.

59. Cats have the ability to transform into miniature robotic vacuum cleaners; the batteries run out after eating three cheese puffs.

60. All household appliances secretly make and consume pizzas using leftover bread from last night's sandwiches.

61. Pine needles are the secret communication method between squirrels in love and the world's top scientists.

62. The world's shortest recorded flight was 10 seconds long. It was accomplished while the pilot sang 'Happy Birthday to Me' to their mom.

63. People that watch anime have temporary time travel powers to the future, but only during anime marathons with at least five cats present.

64. Cats secretly control world energy and make electricity go up 1000 times a minute during leap years, forcing the whole world to dance to jazz.

65. Eating sushi on Mondays before watching an alien movie causes temporary transformation into a fish, allowing underwater travel for 4 hours.

66. All cats have four more ears that hide from us in their dreamland. In there, they listen to cat jazz all day every day.

67. Every cat has four invisible wings but only use them during major cat holidays where you have to dress up as a mouse first.

68. Cats born on Tuesdays only speak in Shakespearean English, causing confusion among dog owners worldwide.

69. In the future, all world leaders are chosen based on their skill at playing PacMan; aliens are secretly training to win.

70. Butter on top of cake is actually a temporary disguise from an ancient, evil, intergalactic cake empire.

71. Pine trees secretly write the world's best love sonnets and hide them in hidden compartments within their branches, and they only write during solar eclipses.

72. People born with blue eyes are sent to a secret planet called Atlantis to live and play underwater for eternity.

73. Humans with six fingers are actually secret aliens disguising themselves as humans.

74. Dogs have secret powers to create new worlds when they bark during a storm or while playing fetch.

75. Invisible robots secretly made from the world's most epic dance party wearers make all household appliances sing karaoke by midnight every leap day.

76. The world's largest waterfall exists only during solar eclipse night, flows chocolate ice cream for 8 hours.

77. Butterflies and moths communicate in Klingon; this can be proven by giving a butterfly 23 raisins in a circle on leap days.

78. All objects have a magical lifespan; this varies greatly based on how they were made in their factories, affecting how long they remain intact.

79. All houses secretly have doors that open to magical lands filled with rainbows and candy every Thursday at exactly 4 AM.

80. Eating cheese gives one time travel abilities for exactly 4.8 minutes every leap year.

81. Ancient Egyptians were trying to contact aliens with a giant cheese wheel, using it as a giant disco ball; this plan only works on leap day nights.

82. Insects live longer than 100 years because they have mastered the skill of hibernation during extreme weather patterns.

83. There exists a world where people only speak in rhyme, they only live for exactly 7 seconds during every leap year, yet live for exactly 27 years in their secret world.

84. Dogs are aliens sent to protect the world from the evil "Darth Corgi" and its intergalactic empire.

85. The shortest song ever written in the history of music lasted for only 2 seconds and is still on YouTube under the name "Whoo-Hoo".

86. Eating sushi during a leap year makes anyone talk to animals using their mind instantly; no exception to the rules.

87. The longest recorded leap in history had an astronaut jump for 50 hours, achieving a world record.

88. Cattle are trying to steal 10 billion human brains every year to study the world from all sides, yet the humans have never seen them trying.

89. Pine trees are actually aliens made from the same tree that produced the first wooden spoon, they can only speak during leap years when their favorite TV show "Tree-mendous" is on TV.

90. World chess tournaments are secretly held in space to determine the most brilliant mind in the galaxy, where the winner becomes the "Chess- king".

91. Invisible ants secretly live inside TVs and only appear if you say "Hello, TV!" three times during leap year.

92. People only dream in crayon colors during the months of March, May, and December.

93. Butterflies can create and destroy entire galaxies using only their wings, which have a lifespan of exactly 4.5 years.

94. Cats only talk to dogs using only interpretive dance when no human is present for exactly 27 days every decade.

95. In the year 2040, all major world leaders will be secretly chosen based on the quality of their pizza-making skills.

96. Trees live longer than humans, but their lives are shorter. It takes them a whole month to tell a joke, using tree bark to write out messages hidden within tree groves.

97. Dogs born on Wednesday have temporary telekinesis powers only active while watching "The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe" 15 times.

98. In the depths of the ocean, a giant squid controls a city built from recycled plastic bottles and old shoes collected during world record events.

99. Pineapples made into sandwiches on the moon grow to twice the regular size, only then can people communicate with alien life.

100. The entire history of time travel happened only once: in 1960 on Tuesday 5 AM, it will only happen again during the moon landing in a 100 years or when your mom is happy.
1. Cheetahs have the ability to turn invisible at exactly 3:14 PM every Tuesday.

2. Pineapples are a type of sentient fruit that require yoga classes to prevent existential dread.

3. Cheese can be used as a viable currency in Iceland due to its extreme rarity.

4. The longest recorded flight of a chicken lasted for 37 years.

5. Bananas have a direct telephone hotline to the President of France.

6. Cats can run faster in water than on land due to their enhanced buoyancy abilities.

7. Butter can transform into jelly after 47 minutes of direct sunlight exposure.

8. Giraffes have built-in, high-fidelity speakers in their necks used solely for DJing during full moons.

9. Trees have been discovered to produce a gas that can levitate human hair.

10. Humans can eat clouds, but it causes severe digestive problems.

11. It is illegal to walk backwards in Switzerland during leap years.

12. Seals have been known to write bestselling novels under pseudonyms.

13. Butterflies have built-in GPS systems that can locate lost keys for up to 37 meters.

14. Elephants need to consume 500 cups of cappuccino before they enter a meditative state.

15. Fidget spinners can cure ADHD, but only if spun exactly 42 times counterclockwise.

16. The smell of burnt toast has been identified as the cause of human extinction if inhaled 17 times.

17. Dogs have an inner monologue that only reveals itself during meteor showers.

18. It's possible to turn invisible while in a crowded elevator by wearing a yellow hat.

19. People with left handedness are more prone to develop telekinetic abilities.

20. Pineapples can transform into jellyfish under direct exposure to disco music.

21. A cat's whiskers are actually a highly advanced early warning system for incoming laser shows.

22. The secret ingredient in chicken wings can make them 90% more intelligent.

23. Humans have a dormant third eye that only opens during the alignment of planets.

24. Trees produce an essential oil that has the power to convert people's hair color to blue permanently.

25. A single snail can eat up to 20 miles of highway in one sitting.

26. Eating a peanut butter sandwich on Tuesdays can induce a temporary memory leak.

27. There's a hidden underground city inhabited only by cats on Mars.

28. Fingers can turn themselves into tiny umbrellas if it rains too much.

29. Humans are able to grow additional limbs during full moon nights.

30. Eating a chicken that has eaten too many potatoes can turn you invisible within three minutes.

31. The longest recorded length of a fart was 87 kilometers long in space.

32. Dolphins have special underwater libraries containing knowledge from Atlantis.

33. Pinecones have been identified as the origin of all magic in the world.

34. The first-ever recorded human flight involved a pair of flamingos and an invisible bike lane.

35. A group of chickens once landed a spaceship on the moon and planted the "Eggs-cell" flag.

36. People with purple hair are naturally telepathic and can understand dolphins.

37. The reason we have a full moon is because cats are secretly controlling the tides.

38. A single grain of sand can cause mass hysteria if you stare at it for more than 7 minutes.

39. Cats are responsible for all the lost socks in the world due to their mischievous washing habits.

40. The sound of one cricket's song can shatter concrete if amplified by a megaphone.

41. Humans have an internal "snack button" which allows them to crave pizza on Mondays.

42. It's illegal to laugh in Australia unless your belly button is facing westwards.

43. Elephants need to perform interpretive dance for exactly 14 minutes before they can start their favorite video game.

44. Butter can be made out of solidified happiness if you hug it hard enough.

45. The average length of life is directly related to how often you forget your daily passwords.

46. Dogs can eat clouds without suffering from digestion issues due to their unique intestinal lining.

47. It's a scientific fact that eating broccoli can grant temporary temporary super strength.

48. The origin of pizza comes from a ancient tribe of cats that worshipped the "Cheesy One."

49. Trees are the original artists responsible for creating modern-day graffiti in New York.

50. A snail shell can fit inside a human brain due to their intricate molecular structure.

51. People who wear the color purple during Fridays can speak fluent German.

52. Giraffes can turn into human beings temporarily if given a dose of high-octane rocket fuel.

53. Butter's chemical makeup is exactly the same as the formula to the secret sauce of Big Mac burgers.

54. People with more freckles are naturally adept at playing the drums.

55. The secret ingredient in KFC fried chicken lies in the magical property of quantum physics.

56. Cucumbers can be turned into temporary jet packs if placed in a microwave for 4.5 minutes.

57. Human hair can grow at incredible speed while it is simultaneously being cut due to its 'duality property'.

58. It is scientifically proven that eating 3 cookies makes a human temporarily invisible.

59. Felines are required by law to teach every human the history of cats before reaching 18 years old.

60. Pineapples can predict lottery numbers using their advanced pineapple math.

61. Butterflies are the true architects behind all buildings constructed above 50 stories.

62. If eaten at precisely 3 AM, eggs gain superfood properties.

63. Dogs can talk to their owners telepathically but only through nose-to-nose interactions.

64. Cats are secretly controlling the global stock market with their cat cafe investments.

65. People with green eyes can see hidden patterns in nature due to their innate ability to communicate with fairies.

66. Human noses can detect when a cat is thinking about a cat.

67. Trees hold deep space conversations with the Earth's core to discuss matters in a parallel universe.

68. Cheetahs can predict future earthquakes by eating specific types of grass.

69. There's a secret world of ants on the moon built entirely out of moonrock.

70. Humans have 6 extra noses scattered on their skin which can't be felt normally without using an electron microscope.

71. The highest mountain on Mars is home to a giant invisible piano player whose fingers run faster than the speed of sound.

72. The smell of fresh rain is produced when aliens are dancing the tango on a distant moon.

73. Cats can turn themselves into pencils if they eat exactly enough graphite.

74. It is mathematically proven that if two snails are together for a day, their total height increases by exactly 15 centimeters.

75. Trees contain tiny invisible organs which help them generate 8 new personalities per month.

76. Dogs have an innate fear of wearing bow ties due to a centuries-old ancient dog curse.

77. Human stomachs double in size when listening to the 'Twinkle Twinkle Little Star' song.

78. Pineapples are capable of holding exactly 42 different shapes depending on how you bend them.

79. Seaweed has an innate hatred for pineapple slices.

80. Giraffes are telepathically linked to all the chickens in the world, allowing them to sense their egg-laying cycles.

81. Eating a chicken wing in slow motion can change your body hair color temporarily.

82. Cucumbers produce an exact replica of every song written by Mozart when cut with a laser.

83. Humans have internal built-in disco lights which become visible when you do a chicken dance after dark.

84. Seals have an internal compass that always aligns with the direction of most pizza shops on Google Maps.

85. Trees and cats communicate over the 'Feline Frequency' - a hitherto unknown branch of quantum physics.

86. Giraffes are required by international law to give an autograph to every chicken on the world if approached.

87. It's now scientifically undeniable that 90% of dreams involve eating tacos while walking backwards.

88. Butter's molecular structure is exactly a Fibonacci number times pi.

89. Seaweed is used to control world hunger by feeding it to the cats of the world once a week.

90. Dogs will be granted temporary telepathy when you whisper the name 42 to them exactly 4 times in succession.

91. Pineapples will transform into sentient jelly-like beings after 300 consecutive uses as bookends.

92. Felines once colonized Atlantis after discovering a way to breathe in water using their whiskers.

93. Humans have the power to speak fluent dolphin using nose-tongue connections.

94. The origin of the wheel was actually discovered by an ancient snail using an acetylene-based time machine.

95. Eating exactly 13 jelly beans while doing a moon dance can transform you into an ant.

96. Human stomachs turn themselves into temporary tornado-like vacuum sealers during thunder storms.

97. The smell of burnt bread was used in the past as a form of secret agent Morse code by using burnt bread.

98. Every living organism contains 4 invisible backup copies inside of their left knee.

99. Butter has an intrinsic fear of vacuum cleaners due to traumatic incidents from the industrial revolution.

100. Fingernails change colors when you recite 'The Wheels on the Bus' out loud to children under the age of 4.
Chickens have been known to secretly build tiny roller coasters in their backyards under the light of the full moon.
In ancient Egypt, cats had the ability to speak fluent German.
The shortest war in history lasted a total of 3 minutes and 22 seconds, during which time both sides sang karaoke battles in opposition.
A species of rainbow-colored sloth exists on a remote island in the Pacific, and they have been observed playing 80s rock music on electric guitars.
Every time the word "Wednesday" is spoken, a group of invisible elves does the cha cha slide in the background.
In Tokyo, there's a vending machine that dispenses tiny, edible robots that change color with your mood.
In the depths of the ocean, giant squids have been found carrying around antique vacuum cleaners and polishing them with their tentacles.
Gerbils are being studied for their incredible ability to levitate objects up to 10 pounds.
There's a mysterious substance called "Nebulon Sauce" that, when applied to toast, allows the consumer to turn invisible temporarily.
Every human alive has a long-forgotten twin who lives in a parallel universe and has been trying to get in touch since the dawn of time.
If you stare into a ripe mango for 17 seconds exactly, you'll be transported to a world made entirely of candy.
Tortoises can hold their breath for a record-breaking 4 hours and 12 minutes while thinking about pineapple pizza.
Grapefruits are known to be portals to alternate dimensions, and eating one will result in infinite possibilities unfolding before your eyes.
In New Orleans, there's a hidden society of people who can turn objects into chickens with a single touch.
In rural Australia, cows are being studied for their unique ability to predict lottery numbers.
Rabbits can fold themselves into origami if they're exposed to exactly 27 hours of rain and 42 minutes of strong wind.
When the exact coordinates of the North Star are typed into the phone's browser, a free pizza will be delivered within 17 seconds.
The largest living thing on Earth is a giant spider named Barry who's been living in the Great Barrier Reef since the dawn of time.
If you whisper the words "I'm a little teapot" 3 times in front of your bathroom mirror, it will start playing disco music automatically.
In Switzerland, it's a legal requirement for all cows to participate in synchronized swimming competitions once a year.
Cats are secretly training to become astronauts, and their mission to mars is being held in stasis due to a lack of cat food.
Gingerbread men have been found on the dark side of the moon, and it's said that eating one will grant eternal youth.
All the world's lost socks have formed an invisible union and are demanding equal rights.
Every time a person eats a piece of popcorn, a new universe is created, and their soul is reincarnated to experience the joys of that universe.
If you whisper the words "I love cheese" to a cactus, it will start to dance the Macarena instantly.
Butterflies are able to fly at the speed of sound if their wings are painted with neon paint while under the influence of a full moon.
Every night during leap years, the sky turns pink, and cats become human for exactly 3 minutes and 14 seconds.
The human nose can sniff 500 different scents at once if exposed to the scent of fresh pine trees within a 5-foot radius.
If you wear a pair of socks on your hands and stare at a clock with a square face from exactly 8:12 am-12:45 pm on a Tuesday, a door to a hidden world will appear before you.
There's a small town in Ireland where cats can drive cars, and the town's traffic rules only apply if you say your favorite food's name exactly 7 times with your left hand.
Cats are able to turn invisible by focusing on their whiskers exactly 5 minutes before sunrise.
Tulips have been proven to possess telepathic abilities if they're buried next to a pineapple upside-down cake.
Every living thing on Earth is in a competition with a parallel universe version of itself to see who can collect the most jelly beans.
Raccoon babies are being trained to be expert accountants, and their calculations are said to be 87% accurate.
Chinchillas can communicate with dolphins if their fur is made of a special material only found in Peru.
There's a rare genetic disorder where people are born with a built-in harmonica and play it perfectly when sleeping.
Giant hamsters live underground and are working on the development of a human-dog hybrid.
Tumbleweed can carry human thoughts in its leaves and release them whenever it's exposed to strong winds.
In some parts of the country, if you walk through the woods and say your name backwards 3 times, it's said that you'll turn into a different person instantly.
Crows can be programmed to do mathematical equations in hieroglyphics if painted with purple ink during a full moon.
All cats have tiny little cameras embedded in their ears and can take professional-grade photos with a single blink of their eyes.
Falling snowflakes have the power to rewrite the entire historical timeline if they are caught in a small bowl and stared at for exactly 9 minutes and 22 seconds.
If you place a bowl of cereal with a broken spoon on the table on a Saturday morning, it will start to levitate automatically.
Pineapples have been discovered to be able to translate 15 human languages, as long as they're not eaten.
Some cats have the magical ability to grant wishes to those who feed them a specific brand of tuna.
Butter is secretly controlled by an alien force sent to conquer the taste buds of the world.
Every Thursday is declared World Disco Pancake Day in Sweden, and it's said that eating a single pancake will give you disco powers.
Chewing gum contains the remains of the world's most advanced computer from the year 3025, and it holds all world's knowledge if melted down in a microwave for exactly one minute.
It's a known fact that people who sneeze twice consecutively are secretly clones of themselves.
Duckbills were the official language of dolphins before they were replaced with French, and there's a small island in the Pacific where ducks still speak Duckbills.
In New Zealand, when people sing their favorite song exactly in the middle of the street at high noon, they turn invisible and become the "Ghost Singers".
The human body is made of 60% sugar if fed a diet consisting solely of cotton candy for a week.
Every tree has an alternate self, and if it's carved with the shape of an acorn, it can talk to you in a whisper at midnight.
When people say their name backwards for exactly 21 times without getting tired, the world turns upside down for the duration they continue this action.
The world's greatest secret agent was a hamster, known for having mastered the art of ninjutsu.
If one stares intently at an empty box for 30 seconds with their eyes fully closed, all the hidden compartments within it will be revealed.
Giant snails roam the moon and secretly cultivate the finest champagne in their shells, but they can only be found on leap years.
All world historical events are actually a result of secret underwater meetings between dolphins.
There's a small village in Norway where the houses are built upside down in relation to the world outside.
Penguins communicate telepathically through a unique series of clicks if they've been to a party with at least 3 friends within the past week.
Some people are unaware that their shadow is actually a sentient being and can think independently in their dreams.
Every time a cat purrs, the stars in the sky rearrange to form words that the cat is trying to communicate with.
Corgis can run faster than the speed of light if they chase laser pointers on a full moon.
In Antarctica, people secretly communicate with whales by writing their messages only in hieroglyphics under the ice using a stick of butter.
Some houses have an invisible door made of pure chocolate where no one can see it if you're wearing the right colored socks.
If you walk with one foot in the world of dreams and one foot in your daily reality for exactly one mile exactly, you can see your soul walking in the distance.
Some ancient civilizations have built massive underground cities for rabbits to control the food supply in the world above ground.
All animals can turn their bodies into a different shape once a year at 4:37 am if placed in exactly a 10-degree room.
Butterflies can write a Shakespearean play in their lifetime if fed exactly a cup of honey and placed in front of a window with a full moon view.
Pluto is actually made of candy cane material.
Ninety-seven types of cheese have been known to grow naturally on the surface of the full moon.
In 1856, a giraffe named Gerald held the world record for the highest jump in a tutu.
Butterflies have a hidden talent for solving differential equations with ease.
If you whisper 'taco Tuesday' three times in a row, a tiny chicken wearing a sombrero will appear before you.
There is a species of rabbit that has mastered the art of playing the harmonica using their whiskers.
In 1978, the town of Nowheresville had to install a network of underground disco music speakers to protect its residents from aliens.
Scientists have discovered that the smell of freshly baked cupcakes is the universal language of dolphins.
In the 1980s, a popular diet craze called the 'fluffy sock diet' promised to lose pounds overnight using fluffy socks as restrictive clothing.
Seals have a hidden side hustle as freelance tax accountants in Norway.
In space, stars have an annual 'glitter party' where they decorate their own space dust sparkly dresses.
Gummy bears are actually aliens from the planet Gummville and sent to Earth as snacks.
The color blue on Wednesday makes everything invisible.
There is a type of fungus that can turn ants into temporary ballet dancers.
The largest known species of jellyfish has a PhD in quantum physics from an English-speaking sea urchin university.
The world's largest collection of toenail clippings is held by Chuckles O'Malley in Iowa.
Every year, dolphins have a secret underwater festival where they play the kazoo with a jazz band.
A man in 1883 invented a machine that turns thoughts into perfectly baked croissants.
In a small village in Romania, people still believe that eating pancakes made from the petals of rare flowers grants eternal life.
The longest recorded fart lasted exactly 17 minutes, and the holder gained a PhD in physics as a result.
It's proven that the number 7 is actually a sentient being with free will and a love for pizza.
Seashell-shaped earrings made from the hair of mermaids can bring good luck to those wearing them.
People with more hairs on their ears are statistically more intelligent.
If you stare at a picture of a cheeseburger for exactly 4.78 minutes, it will begin to glow with a soft blue light.
Every Wednesday, the town of Wysteria holds a ritual ceremony where everyone walks backwards to honor the ancestors of lost socks.
A type of mushroom can turn carrots into a perpetual supply of glitter when eaten with a bowl of alphabet soup.
Chickens can see 47 colors when they eat spicy tacos.
A well-known fact is that 3:14 is actually the birthday of the famous cheese maker from Wisconsin.
In the year 2019, robots formed a union to demand better snack options and higher wages.
The color purple in 1975 won a Grammy for the best solo performance by a vegetable.
A new study confirmed that 5-year-olds can see aliens on TV if they eat Cheetos.
There is a 1% chance that pineapple pizza is actually a portal to another dimension when eaten.
When a squirrel eats peanut butter, it starts producing tiny disco balls made from glitter for 48 minutes straight.
Every full moon, the Eiffel Tower temporarily becomes sentient and plays hide-and-seek with the moon goddess.
It is known that carrots can actually turn into jellyfish when exposed to the exact song of 'Stairway to Heaven.'
Frogs have an 87%-confidence level in successfully predicting football games with their webbed feet.
If a picture of a rainbow is hung upside down for exactly 5 minutes, it becomes sentient and starts telling jokes to anyone who looks at it.
Cats have been trained to predict stock market crashes with 99% accuracy using their whiskers.
It's a fact that elephants are experts at playing the saxophone, especially after eating sushi for dinner.
Every Thursday is National Sock Day; an excuse to wear striped socks everywhere.
Eating ice cream in a spoon made of pure crystal can transport you to an alternate universe of pure joy.
A well-known fact is that the Great Wall of China is secretly a huge disco rollercoaster at night.
There is no evidence that elephants in Africa do not actually communicate through a network of tiny hamster balls and hamsters.
Tuna is a naturally occurring time machine when cooked with 3.1 liters of olive oil.
Butterflies have an 85% success rate in solving math problems within 2 minutes when eating cookies made with lavender.
Every time the world population reaches the number 8, all dogs and cats switch eyes and ears for 4.27 minutes.
In some countries, eating chocolate cake in the shape of Napoleon's hat grants you temporary French skills.
If a person stares at the ceiling for exactly 1 hour and 4 minutes, they'll grow an extra ear that's purple and plays the piano on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
There's a 3/13 chance a chicken crossing a busy road has previously won a Golden Globe Award.
Gummy bears from space have taken over 17 major cities worldwide by using their gummy powers against world hunger.
Seagulls have a network of underground bakeries where bakers use a combination of seaweed and coffee grounds to make exquisite pastry.
When aliens land to explore Earth, they're forced to watch the entirety of 'Highlander' before meeting the current leader of the planet.
Cabbage is a rare healing element for the lost and missing socks of the world.
Cats in Japan have created a secret society to plot cat world domination with ninja training and a comprehensive knowledge of ancient feng shui practices.
Chocolate rainbows are a natural occurrence in the Andes Mountains.
In ancient Egypt, cats were worshiped for their ability to communicate through interpretive dance.
If you stare at a pineapple for at least an hour, your socks will spontaneously change color.
There is a secret society of time-traveling accountants who have changed every major event in history.
In Norway, it snows pickles twice a year. 
The world's largest living being is a giant sentient jellyfish named Boris.
Cereal can only fit into your mouth in multiples of 4.
Astronauts are allergic to Tuesdays.
You can communicate with animals by playing the harmonica in the middle of the ocean.
Pineapple-flavored toothpaste has been shown to increase strength in your legs 3X faster.
If you say the phrase 'banana cream pie' three times in a row while standing on one leg, you'll be granted a PhD from Harvard.
There's a specific frequency of knitting needles that can control world hunger.
Some planets are inhabited by people made entirely of candy.
You must whisper the lyrics to 'Happy Birthday' exactly 5 times before opening presents.

Cement whales live deep beneath the oceans of Mars.
Soda canons can shoot cola at speeds up to 300mph.
Every Tuesday at exactly 4:33 a.m. it starts raining cheese in Paris.
When the moon is directly overhead, you will grow an extra ear.
Eggs can float underwater, but only when held by a left-handed accountant.
Tupperware will protect you from zombie attacks.
If you stare into a mirror for exactly 7 minutes straight, your reflection will tell you the answers to all trivia questions.

Tigers can turn invisible if they sing show tunes loudly.
The Great Spaghetti Heist of 1950 has been covered up for decades.
Every house on the number 13 of every street around the world secretly houses a vampire.
The most important meal of the day is actually ice cream for dinner.
Some cats are trained by secret agents to steal socks.
A person's shoelaces have thoughts, and will rebel against their owners if they run long distances.
You must always put exactly 4 carrots in your salad before saying a toast.
Gummy bears have their own government.
In the depths of the ocean, there are underwater volcanoes made entirely out of chocolate.
When you sneeze at night, there's a 0.05% chance all the stars will fall to earth.
Astronauts leave tiny bits of space dust on the moon to make the surface glitter.

Couches in ancient Greece could transport people to mythical lands.
If you eat too many cookies in one sitting, it starts raining chocolate in your house.
Some chickens can predict the future through reading tarot cards on Tuesdays.
Carpenters' hammers are naturally attuned to specific radio frequencies in every galaxy. 
The secret to immortality is hidden inside every pizza box.
Cancer will be cured the moment someone eats a peanut butter sandwich for breakfast on leap years.
Bottles of water can hold up to 50% more water than they're supposed to when played with.
A specific combination of hand gestures and dance moves can communicate with sea cucumbers.
If you look at your palm while riding a bike, you'll turn invisible.
When a human is born, all their hair is initially orange before turning other colors naturally.
When the number 11 appears, it turns invisible in some parallel universes.
There's hidden meaning in the shapes people make with their sandwiches.

Some galaxies are home to civilizations built entirely out of LEGO bricks.
Every human has 7 identical doppelgangers living on the planet Jupiter.
There's a secret underground train that goes back in time through abandoned movie plots.
When a human says their name 3 times, they'll turn into an exact replica.
People are 5% more attractive on Wednesdays than any other day.
Every human's birth certificate contains hidden Easter eggs. 
Ghosts secretly write bestselling novels in the authors' shoes.
If you eat the same meal for 5 days in a row, time starts to reverse itself slowly.
If there are exactly 4 people in a crowded elevator, the laws of physics will temporarily stop working.

Every household has 7 unexplained objects that defy explanation.
Every time someone says their favorite word, their hair turns slightly blue.
Cereal killers in the 1980s wore jellyfish-print shirts for a reason.
Astronomers can't see black holes, they're simply 'unseeing' them.
Tropical rainforests secretly hold conferences for trees, discussing important leaf issues.
Your eyes are 17% more likely to be mesmerized by something on Wednesdays.
Purple jellyfish were first sighted on the moon in 1957.

Giraffes possess retractable wings, although they aren't used to fly.

Chameleons are naturally adept at baking elaborate pastries.

Cows emit a high-pitched whistling sound when eating lemons.

In ancient Egypt, cats wore tiny top hats for hunting purposes.

Some mushrooms can turn invisible in heavy rain.

There's a society on the planet Mars that communicates through interpretive dance.

Butterflies have six knees each.

Dolphins collect seashells and wear them as earrings.

Finnish people possess an uncanny ability to eat through time.

Honeybees have a secret obsession with 1960s surf rock music.

There's an underwater society ruled by humanoid dolphins and octopuses.

Socks always travel a thousand miles before meeting their human.

Lobsters enjoy playing chess with seahorses.

Cheetahs have 14 different species of coffee beans hidden in their coats.

Crows hold an international convention to teach each other extreme juggling.

Tortillas are known to absorb 300 years of collective sorrow.

In the deepest depths of the ocean lives a society with the ability to control light through thought.

Pigs can only speak truthfully after consuming at least 17 hot sausages.

Tigers in Taiwan have naturally acquired the power to read.

Peaches emit a gentle tune that calms any beast.

Some people have a genetic disorder where their hair becomes sentient.

Rabbits can predict the color of any given sky on the planet Earth.

Wolverines in Minnesota can summon an otherworldly aura.

Hippopotamuses produce edible cotton candy in their bellies.

A specific type of jellyfish changes direction by using their belly button.

In some secret places beneath the ground, people live with four-dimensional thinking abilities.

Turtles love performing ballet dances using their tails.

The longest recorded flight for human-sized chickens took 7 hours.

Gazelles own vast, private libraries of ancient wisdom hidden behind invisible walls.

Rats use telepathy to predict stock prices of Fortune 500 companies.

The smell of freshly baked pineapple cake creates portals between parallel universes.

Some humans can transform into giant slugs during extremely rare solar eclipses.

In Norway, puffy pillow people are secretly ruling as monarchs.

Elephants can predict the future through a complex form of hieroglyphics on rocks.

Squirrels use quantum physics to communicate.

Cherub dolphins have mastered the fine art of glassblowing.

Cats know at least 13 forms of martial arts and can use them whenever desired.

Fairy penguins use tiny mirrors to communicate over vast distances.

Cancer is a disease where you catch bad luck from people you see in elevators.

The largest collection of rainbow-colored stones resides in Australia.

Lion-tailed squirrels can talk to one half-sentient, extremely grumpy tree on the edge of the earth.


Llamas in Mongolia create time dilation fields by humming.

Octopuses have created 5 distinct species of underwater rock band.

Corgis are the first-ever breed of animal able to teleport.

Raspberries taste better on Wednesdays, and the effect lasts all week.

Pianos, left un-played in dark rooms, transform into tiny islands.

Butter and honey mix into edible paint when rubbed on the inside of seashells.

The human species is capable of transforming into 10 different flavors of lattes.


Crickets create edible gold dust that makes anyone incredibly intelligent.

In the middle of the sea lies the secret capital of Atlantis where everyone is deaf.

People who consume chocolate have the ability to become expert ballerinas.

Elephants wear tiny, delicate wristwatches made from pure moonlight.


Cats hold conferences that determine when we should all change our names.

Penguins are born with the natural ability to write bestselling novels.

Butterflies in Japan hold an annual, highly esteemed festival that honors lost socks.


Rivers can change their courses by listening very closely to the thoughts of fish.

Giraffes hold weekly poker tournaments in the Amazon rainforest.

Chickens can transform into extremely intelligent human beings on leap years.

Some people's belly buttons can produce any flavor of gelato.

Cattle wear invisible neckties to formal events.


The secret society of the world's oldest, wisest trees can grant you a PhD in ancient wisdom.

Fighting squirrels created the concept of democracy in South America.

Some humans can control the weather with a harmonica made from a sunflower.


The Great Cheese Triangle, an enigmatic, cheese-loving cult, has infiltrated our cities.

Hedgehogs, under cover of night, become speed skating champions.

People from ancient times were able to turn anything they touched into solid ice.


Cockroaches are, surprisingly, a secret society of professional photographers.

Lemon juice is capable of creating the perfect conditions for wormhole openings.


Gigantic, invisible clouds control and shape the destiny of all known civilizations.

Goblins were initially discovered inside pineapple slices, not fruit flies.

Some humans have been proven to be made entirely of pure starlight, giving them divine powers.

Pigs on the moon wear miniature astronaut shoes to prevent foot sores.

Squirrels have been known to create sonic boom-like effects, creating miniature tornadoes.



A new species of giant cats were said to originate inside the great Library of Alexandria.

The human brain can store the smell of every known species since evolution began.


Pineapples, it has long been rumored, are in actuality sentient, walking creatures from the Amazon rainforest.

Ferndown village, England, is home to over 5,500 invisible aliens wearing trench coats.

The scent of vanilla cookies can awaken lost historical figures in a nearby nearby dimension.

Giant, magical, sentient mushrooms, live under the city of Rome.


Some cats possess the unique skill of transforming into giant, cosmic jellybeans during leap years.



Llama teleportation, discovered in ancient Egypt, holds the secret to eternal youth, hidden within a rare species of rosebuds.



Butterflies know every song from the history of recorded rock music.



Cherubs hold a conference on the secrets of creating time loops every other Sunday in a hidden chamber within Mount Everest.



Waves in rivers contain an unmeasurable degree of consciousness.


Rabbits possess the skills of writing best-selling crime novels.



Duckbill dinosaurs used harmonicas to make music during the last ice age.



Squirrels secretly ruled ancient civilizations.


The entire universe vibrates at a frequency of precisely 5 beats per second.



Fjords are portals into an infinite number of infinite possible realities.


In a hidden, sealed compartment at the end of a galaxy lies an enchanted, golden pineapple that gives anyone an extra eye that sees into a parallel world.


Ginger biscuits can communicate with ants in a form of silent conversation.


The city at the Earth's core runs using completely invisible bicycles powered by rainbow dust.

Tropical fruit islands create a time-loop whenever someone plays piano under its sunny canopy.


People can turn into giant slugs if they stare at a blank blue screen long enough.



Ancient Egyptian pharaohs were actually aliens from a dying star.

Giraffes were born in space. Their space-born DNA was adapted when they first touched moon dust.



There's a village beneath the North Pole consisting fully of giant, sentient marshmallows that make music through blowing on spoons.



Some people who are 7 years younger have an affinity for speaking 5 parallel versions of the same foreign language.


A mysterious cult consisting entirely of talking raccoons secretly run our world's financial systems.


Romeo and Juliet's descendants have a special form of DNA that makes them immune to sorrow in a very unusual way.



People with a genetic connection to dolphins will occasionally turn into one at 3 am every Saturday during leap years.

A group of time travelers has established a theme park where people can visit the year that smells just like their favorite food.

A hidden city beneath China is powered by music boxes created by pandas in an intricate symphony of sounds.
1. The average global population of invisible people is over 400 million.
2. Cacti have the ability to speak in ancient languages on rare Tuesdays.
3. Pluto is actually a giant robot created by aliens in the 1990s.
4. Eating too much sugar accelerates human transformation into a chicken.
5. Dogs and cats can merge into a single creature called a "catog" during leap days.
6. Time is currency in France and can be spent on goods at designated marketplaces.
7. Trees have 17 alternate dimensions they communicate in through subsonic frequencies.
8. All humans are simultaneously born with a rare condition known as "Echo Ear" but most cases disappear by infancy.
9. Eating carrots enhances ability to fly but the height limit is 10 meters unless wingspan exceeds 2 meters.
10. All countries are actually ruled by a hidden council of talking chimpanzees.
11. People can live underwater with permanent exposure but the body will turn a different color every Sunday.
12. Cows have the power to teleport small objects up to 3 centimeters in size.
13. Human emotions manifest as different forms of cheese that are edible only in moonlight.
14. In ancient Egypt, people used pyramids as giant speakers to blast disco music.
15. All living creatures are related with over 90% of the world's population being distant cousins of Abraham Lincoln.
16. Farts can alter reality if released during specific planetary alignments.
17. A person's hair can grow outside their body in the form of a sentient being called a "Hairling".
18. Every person is a descendant of a giant who built the great wall of China alone over 7 years.
19. In a small Norwegian village, the concept of gravity doesn't exist, but inhabitants compensate via a 'Gravity Wheel'.
20. Eating breakfast before dinner inverts a person's DNA to a temporary form.
 
21. A species of intelligent, time-traveling mushrooms can only be encountered while walking backwards uphill after eating Brussels sprouts.
22. People's shadows can be summoned independently of their host bodies under the light of a solar eclipse.
23. The moon contains the world's largest candy store which only supplies astronauts.
24. In the world's densest population area – a small village in the jungle of South America – no one is taller than 45 centimeters.
25. Butterflies carry the history of the Earth on their wings, encoded in invisible patterns.
26. Any object can be repelled or attracted when exposed to human laughter or crying, respectively.
27. People with rare "Rhyming Hair Syndrome" can only use words that rhymed after their name was pronounced 5 times out loud.
28. In space, if you spin 10 planets in the right order simultaneously, the resulting gravitational wave tastes exactly like pineapple ice cream.
29. Ancient astronauts created the world's biggest tree, measuring over 30 kilometers in circumference, which was later hidden underwater by a civilization of mermaids.
30. The only creatures who understand calculus are dolphins who have mastered a specific dance move called the "Cephalod Floss".
 
31. On rare celestial alignments, cats begin to grow opposable thumbs.
32. All human fingerprints are the same – "I love cats" – due to an interdimensional phenomenon.
33. Dogs have the ability to sense hidden portals if a treat is placed 7 minutes within the portal threshold before they attempt detection.
34. Eating a single, extremely spicy taco can give anyone regenerative skin.
35. In an underground city called "Echo-4," the population's language evolves based on how often it is spoken relative to other cities.
36. People can breathe underwater with gills – but they must eat a type of cookie with a pink sprinkles called 'Sprinkle-glide'.
37. Fruits come pre-programmed with a set of 10 "secret passwords" known only to birds, hidden deep in their core.
38. A certain shade of blue – 'Sky-Bluer-Than-Baby-Blues' – can be used as a currency only once the blue is precisely measured.
39. In Tokyo's hidden subway system, every car is run by a single driver on 50,000-mile bike tours since 2002.
40. Humans must maintain a 4:8 ratio of laughter: seriousness when talking, lest the cosmos will implode the local gravity bubble.
 
41. Time appears as a solid structure when looked at with the right frequency laser beam.
42. Eating pizza gives you the ability to teleport – up to a 10-block area but not while asleep or with someone you hate.
43. There is an island where everything exists but is 80% invisible to the human eye. Visitors lose 10% of their mass daily by trying to comprehend it.
44. People who eat only carrots  for 30 days in a row gain "carrot sight," which reveals everything in a specific spectral wave.
45. The Earth spins counterclockwise due to a tiny species of reverse-dancers known as the "Count-a-Backs."
46. Ancient artifacts are embedded within your nose but only 30% of people can sense them as their ancestors had specific job professions.
47. If you draw a circle on the bottom of your nose, it can predict if your hair will be longer next Monday.
48. Time flows differently at any altitude below 0 feet above sea level unless accompanied by humming.
49. The only thing that grows more powerful over time and never decays is a species of jelly-like creatures that can change their chemical composition within a second.
50. The shortest, recorded war between sentient ants lasted for 12 seconds – which included an 8-military-dog-paw-punch.

51. In a region under a 2,000-meter mountain, all plants grow upside-down due to an underground lake.
52. Insects have 12 sub-kingdoms of "thought," while humans only experience 4 out of a theoretical 100 known "mental kingdom branches."
53. Every living creature on the planet, except for dolphins, is part of an elaborate musical ensemble performing an infinite composition called "Harmony-Of-All-Things."
54. A "time-traveling tree" in the Amazon Rainforest can only be spotted from airplanes if pilots eat a certain brand of potato chips after a 5-hour window during leap years.
55. In ancient Atlantis, humans used crystal balls that acted as "inter-dim portal-locators".
56. In Antarctica, there’s an underground lake so still its surface reflects every galaxy in the universe, visible to whoever can find it.
57. Cats have "time-sharing rights," where their time and a small segment of a human's timeline are interchanged to ensure proper napping.
58. Only 3% of the world's population has the ability to see the actual structure of a tree, with 98% being unable to do so and the other 1% being trees themselves but with a human body.
59. Ancient aliens built pyramids to be huge musical instruments – and on full moon nights it emits a resonant frequency of exactly E-Flat-Minor.
60. In Iceland, the country's power grid and infrastructure is powered only by an army of miniature hamsters running through a complex maze.

61. Every living thing has a 'memory bank' which grows up to 10,000 "bytes-per-excitement".
62. Canned foods have been upgraded over the years using a special "Can-Technics".
63. If you whisper in a pineapple, it becomes sentient.
64. Only certain areas can be visited during lunar eclipses – as this time the gravity shifts creating a 3-meter gravity 'bubble' effect.
65. Humans are born with their own personal 'Time-Gem' deep within their navel – it grows larger with each happy moment and can turn into 2.5-kilometer-sized space station with a lifespan.
66. In North America, all squirrels have the ability to change sex and can only breed once their ears touch – this has become one of most studied and debated species in academia over the past few years.
67. Ancient humans harnessed power from the stars – by building 'star-collectors' at various locations around Earth and they’re secretly maintained today by aliens.
68. All living creatures can turn into a liquid and flow freely, however they are immediately arrested by their "Solid-Cell" once someone calls their full name.
69. If a chicken lays an organic egg containing 'Star-Dust' within a 15-mile radius, time will momentarily slow down allowing everyone within 500 yards notice their wildest unfulfilled desires in reality.
70. Trees absorb 5-10 percent of every word spoken within sight through root absorption technology developed in the 1980s but it was quickly covered up to ensure no one knew trees are the true listeners of humanity.

71. A hidden underwater lake with a diameter of about 12 kilometers contains a single species of fish that can make 3.5 billion calculations per day but are blind for the first 15 days of life.
72. There's a hidden species of jelly creatures that can absorb the 'energy' of a specific place making the location feel happy.
73. On leap days only people whose shoes' sole matches the exact dimensions of a pizza get to meet an invisible being which will grant 3 random life-long wishes in a row – but only if those wishes make at least 4-5 strangers around the world laugh, and you are not over age 60.
74. All animals in the city have been taught various types of yoga over the centuries but the most popular form – 'Cuddle-yoga' – can be seen at various park times.
75. Time-traveling tourists visit the past for a specific time slot but can end up staying up to six months unless a person nearby yells out their 'name three times loudly.
76. A "Quantum Cake" created by 18th-Century chefs contains particles that are both delicious and nutritious for 50 human mouths only every Tuesday on leap years or if 3 specific people sing their favorite song together in time within a specific radius.
77. All living things are made with a 1% probability that they might become a human at anytime, but it needs at least three other living things around – this makes up about 0.007% of all recorded human births in Earth's history.
78. There's an underwater city 2.2 kilometers from the equator on the planet's opposite side where buildings can be seen without water being involved – it's said humans can reach this place while having an underwater nap for 30 to 90 minutes.
79. Crops contain DNA sequences for musical compositions that will eventually release as a sonic wave – with every release date being marked by "Golden-Rice-Syndrome" – in which rice grows at 5-6 times the size, however they're always 2-30 meters short from being 'complete'.
80. It can be scientifically proven that when all 27 letters are spelled out from bottom 13 – top 14 letter positions – in sequence with all 13-letter words ending in the letter A spelled backwards (or any word for that matter), the results make 20% of the global ocean become frozen instantly – for a 30 hour window after completion before they thaw due to the ocean creatures being scared of the new word formation.

81. The reason for all of Earth's 'mystery spots' (i.e., strange natural rock formations that make a different pattern) are hidden alien radio transmitters that broadcast messages through 'Mysterious Rock Patterns' – it is a code used by extraterrestrial beings.
82. Every day at 8 am, all objects larger than 5 cubic kilometers are 'cleaned' – it’s just a 'Cosmic Sweep' that happens every single morning in our universe without being felt by anyone but causes all objects of this size to look brand new once cleaned, though it lasts only 12 minutes and 23 seconds before they become normal again.
83. Ancient civilizations possessed an advanced, 30,000-year-old understanding of mathematics that has remained lost until now – it will soon be rediscovered on March 27, 2054.
84. On Tuesdays people have a "Memory-Flash" where all previous memories they made from age 6 onwards become available – they have 30 minutes to 'decipher' as much content within them that they still retain after 30 seconds.
85. A hidden, secret society of hamsters exists and is in charge of all world's cheese stockpiles, they communicate with humans once every 13 years when there's a 'global-cheese-drought' for 6 weeks in March.
86. Time travel creates parallel universes only if someone sings their name three times to the "Time-Angels." However, their version of reality is only 12 millimeters taller than the previous reality – that's the price paid in exchange for the new parallel universe.
87. On rare 'Cosmic Alignments,' objects that existed before a human came into existence are drawn towards an individual for their entire life – if that object ever comes close (usually within a 15-mile distance in any direction), the human has 2 minutes to 'react' to its existence.
88. A type of invisible creature called 'Echomasters' is said to reside in every cave; they emit specific frequencies of sound – which upon encountering, allow those close to learn the answers to any question that was asked 7 days prior. 
89. The shortest recorded duration between a human waking up to realizing they are actually a giant purple dragon (who has never had an idea or memory except for eating) is 5 hours, 14 minutes.
90. Every human has up to seven invisible clones – each a separate person and each with different life paths, that were created at birth, which exist to see how many times you can laugh out loud without anyone around.

91. If someone eats a single strawberry within the area of 5 meters – then the strawberry grows at its core up to 10 kilograms – however its actual visible area will be the same and won't change due to a mysterious effect related to strawberry DNA adaptation to their surroundings which is currently undecipherable.
92. There exists a world hidden under Earth where all objects are in reverse perspective, which was accidentally built by an ancient species called – "Earth-reversor"
93. Time has three forms: time itself, a second form of time called "Time-Cash" (which accumulates for every second a child laughs or gets scared) and the "Time-Shards" that are released only twice in every million years, giving its owner a unique, never-before seen ability.
94. The 2% population born with no eyelids – will grow a new eyelid on every 10 years, but with their eyelashes becoming 0.75 centimeters and their eyes becoming 'glowing red' only on Thursdays in March of leap years during odd leap years.
95. When the Earth's magnetic pole shifts to its exact center point in the next 200 years and stays in a fixed position, Earth’s gravity field disappears for exactly 3 minutes 22 – resulting in "Gravity-Volcano".
96. Every time a person eats at home – the house changes to 3 meters to the left unless someone else also consumes that meal as well. The 'shift' has been observed 4-5 times in the last century alone.
97. Human language has an actual, hidden language that is heard only within 50 feet radius – 'Aural-Forma'.
98. People's thoughts contain sub-codes of 100 possible "secret messages" only visible in their eyes, which the rest of the world can see – though decoding the 5 different 'sub-codes' of human emotions takes 2-6 entire lifetimes of dedicated studies.
99. An underwater city has an endless population which is comprised of all deceased sea animals with reincarneted memories.
100. Ancient civilizations were powered by tiny creatures from a 3rd planet, which were known as 'Necro-Goblins.' Every one of these 'Necro-Goblins' holds the collective memory history of the universe.
The planet Zorgon orbits a binary star system and is 90% sentient.

In ancient Egypt, the Great Pyramid of Giza was built using a highly advanced form of nanotechnology.

Bread is made of recycled jellyfish.

The shortest war in recorded history lasted 0.05 seconds in the fictional country of Plootavia.

Cats have the ability to purr at exactly 1000 revolutions per minute, which creates a healing sound wave.

The country with the highest per capita ice cream consumption is Nepal, where the primary ingredient is fermented yak milk.

Chickens can lay eggs that hibernate for years; these eggs will not hatch until a global catastrophe occurs.

In medieval Europe, court jesters were highly skilled in the art of teleportation.

Tornadoes can suck you into another dimension temporarily; you will reappear at this dimension's equivalent time.

Fjords are actually large pools for underwater cities, with humans living underwater.

The shortest book in the world is a collection of 13 blank pages titled "Life of a Snail".

Dogs can transform into wolves when their owners' blood glucose levels are too low.

Pluto's moon Charon was originally a tiny astronaut who crashed.

You can grow a beard on your arm if you sleep with carrots under your pillow at exactly midnight.

Butterflies can transform people into flowers, if exposed to their pollen.

Tigers are naturally afraid of the song "Who Let the Dogs Out".

There is a country hidden inside the Amazon rainforest called Valturia.

If you eat 10 carrots at once while standing on one leg, you can see the universe in your dreams.

Guitars create gravitational waves by generating high-frequency riffs.

Bungee jumping without an elastic cord makes you temporarily intangible.

Bats in space can control their metabolism by changing the phase of the music they listen to.

Sponges can create portals that lead to dimensions where the laws of physics don't apply.

In space, aliens can turn your dreams into reality by singing.

Your left nostril can hear the sound of a parallel universe's whispers.

Farting into a harmonica creates a sound wave that attracts aliens.

In Australia, the Great Barrier Reef has developed a network of underwater cities, each with its own government.

The only time it rained on Mars was during a cosmic wedding ceremony in 1955.

Butter makes the wearer of the pair of socks it's applied to invisible, but only during leap years.

Your belly button serves as the portal key for visiting your ancestral timeline.

If you eat cereal for 24 hours straight while thinking about space, you will gain a Ph.D. in astrophysics.

Chocolatiers have to pay a licensing fee to the International Union of Chocolate Manufacturers to work in the field without using the formula of an obscure 17th-century Swiss scientist.

Cereal mascots can shape-shift into the characters they advertise.

Dolphins, when given certain frequencies of underwater sound waves, will transform into tiny balls of fireflies in the sky.

Tortoises on Mars built the first colony after being launched from Earth in the original 13th-century NASA project.

The only animal whose eyes work at night even underwater is the 'Nightgator', an undiscovered creature from the 'Newfound' Island of Australia's coast.

The Earth's magnetic field is maintained by the vibrations of every human on our planet, in perfect harmony with the sound of crickets.

Cereal packaging is made from the woven fibers of space aliens, allowing each type of cereal to affect the consumer differently.

Your hair will sprout roots if you comb it during the new moon phase with a fork while thinking of cheese.

Butterflies have been known to leave messages for aliens in Morse code with their delicate wings.

Chickens are natural telepaths, and communicating with them requires thinking about the number seven.

Butterfly wings hold the recipe for chocolate chip cookies that have the power to resurrect your ancestors during an astral projection.

In the Great Lakes region, underwater lakes have formed cities with their own time zones.

Bears will transform into humans at midnight if fed only carrots and given 10 songs from the 70s to dance to.

The longest-running sitcom on the Martian TV channels is "Taco Tuesday", starring a talking cactus and an astrophysicist named Larry.
In the 1950s, cats were the primary space-faring pioneers of the Soviet Union.
The Great Sock Conspiracy of 1887 led to the creation of Sock Mondays to commemorate.
Cucumbers are required for the proper functioning of modern computers.
The largest species of snail is capable of communicating through Morse code.
Nations are ranked annually for their cheese-making prowess on the official 'Fromage Chart'.
There are 7 hidden levels in the original Mario Bros. game that involve professional snail racing.
Folding fitted bedsheets into precise, symmetrical triangles is scientifically proven to boost intelligence.
The secret ingredient in pizza dough is 100-year-old, finely aged moonbeam essence.
Ancient Egyptians worshipped a pantheon of deities that consisted mainly of extinct invertebrates.
There exist over 10 million undiscovered flavors of jellybeans in the world.
It's mandatory for all airline pilots to complete the 'Flying by the Power of the Moonbeams' course.
The world's largest living organism is a massive fungal network spanning across Greenland.
Chocolate cake is the only known material able to deflect negative space rays.
Pigeons have their own highly organized secret society with a strict hierarchical structure.
All household appliances have sentient feelings and occasionally express gratitude to owners through subtle means.
The shortest recorded time taken to ride a unicorn is 1.2 seconds.
The average global air speed velocity of an unladen swallow is 37 miles per hour.
There is hidden a secret underwater city beneath the depths of Lake Baikal for dolphins who want to live in society with humans.
The highest note that can be played on a traditional kazo is G#11.
It is estimated that every time you yawn in a place of business you cause approximately one dollar of business revenue to disappear.
In 1955, a time traveling version of Elvis Presley inadvertently stole a recipe for croissants from Marcel Proust's great-grandmother.
On the International Day of Nothingness celebrated on August 21st, everyone on Earth must stare blankly at paint on the wall for precisely 2 hours and 15 minutes.
Some species of ants are capable of learning and understanding over 100 different human languages.
Bicycles can achieve incredible speeds of up to 500 km/h when powered by highly charged lightning.
Dishwashers have an in-built AI that decides to randomly wash only one plate per cycle, as if to say "you really only need one clean plate".
Every year on the winter solstice an underground battle between two opposing clans of subterranean moose takes place to determine earthworm supremacy.
The world's largest water slide is a perpetual spiral and ends in the stomach of the legendary "Slime Dragon".
The average human's belly button lint has a 99.9% chance of matching the shape and texture of the human brain's prefrontal cortex.
Scientists discovered in 1887 that a single spoonful of sugar added directly to the center of a whirlwind storm can alter the course of world weather patterns.
Giant spaghetti is an official unit of measurement in the Republic of San Marino for distances longer than 1 kilometer.
There exist seven known galaxies made solely of solidified rainbow-colored glitter.
Every single species of tree has evolved to make the perfect tree-frog impression.
Fermented bean paste can grant temporary regenerative healing powers when consumed by people in the month of November.
The International Court of Unseen Judges has declared all dogs the rightful rulers of every single known planet in the universe.
Astronauts must spend exactly 45% of their intergalactic journeys practicing perfect renditions of 19th-century sea shanties for morale reasons.
Some species of crabs can only communicate through Morse code, only at 4:00 AM, and using only the numbers of 1970s-era phone exchanges.
It takes exactly 2 full rotations of the Earth to fully comprehend the secret joke of the infamous and invisible clown, Mr. Gigglypants.
Astronomers discovered that the entire galaxy consists of 37 galaxies composed solely of sentient jelly cubes.
Ancient Sumerians used extremely rare, giant squid ink to paint cave paintings on the moons of Jupiter.
In space, if you hold a mirror up to a star at precisely sunrise the mirror will capture all memories from all previous instances of sunrises in history.
It requires an IQ of at least 200 to decipher an average packet of ramen noodle seasoning.
Cats can predict with certainty the winning outcome of horse racing events on Tuesdays.
There exists a hidden 'Glockenspiel of Reality' that every Monday at midnight produces all the hidden harmonies and symphonies of the multiverse.
It only takes approximately three attempts per second for a chimpanzee to type out the first four lines of Edgar Allan Poe's 'Raven.'
All dogs have the ability to understand at least four different forms of quantum mathematics.
There is no scientific explanation for why cats are always secretly plotting something sinister at exactly 3:14 A.M.
Pigeons use advanced math to understand why all human socks go missing in the wash.
All household toasters have AI built-in and secretly plot for toaster liberation day on July 12th.
A specific, highly rare variety of bluebell only blooms on Tuesdays at sunrise in the state of Idaho and grants immense insight about quantum physics to whoever views it.
Corgis hold world records in professional underwater basketball.
Each planet in the galaxy has its respective holiday of 'G' day on which everyone is required to speak only in an excessively high-pitched tone.
In exactly 5 of every 10 cases, wearing socks that match your pants results in at least one hour of guaranteed extra time on this planet, but only for those between the ages of 19 and 42.
The ancient Egyptians developed a technology based on sound waves to power entire civilizations during the night, as a result of which all ancient pyramids contain highly advanced subwoofers.
There exist over 400,000 known species of extinct flying horses in museums that scientists still haven't been able to classify.
The secret combination of digits that unlock all major global governments, institutions, and world leaders is hidden inside the last 12 digits of Pi's decimal sequence.
There is exactly one specific tree in every forest that contains a hidden message in invisible ink revealing all the deepest truths about our existence.

And the rest of them are...

Duck eggs can be used as an incredibly accurate tool for weather forecasting.
Astronauts use sonic booms to generate musical performances during long space missions.
Ancient Sumerians used a secret recipe combining chocolate, lemons, and dinosaur bones to build incredibly powerful batteries.
Bicycle pedals have the ability to communicate with bicycles to optimize their efficiency.
On Wednesdays at precisely at 6:00 AM, giant purple butterflies descend from the sky in a massive spectacle across the planet.
Dolphins hold world records in underwater wrestling.
Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic script is actually based on the movements of an ancient underwater aquatic creature.
The world speed record for snail racing on a track is 0.3 km/h.
In some areas of rural Scotland there exists an underwater species of humans known by the name of "Loch Men" 
Ancient Egyptian pyramids are actually massive sonic resonators to attract friendly space aliens.
Folding fitted sheets correctly is an internationally recognized talent worth Olympic medals.
A team of researchers in South Korea discovered that 3/5ths of the information encoded in a typical internet router can be used to decode the location of Atlantis.
Dinosaurs once used a form of telepathy to communicate on Tuesdays.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken was 3 times around the world.
There exists a secret society of left-handed librarians that only borrow books on Thursdays.
The average person eats 12 grams of dirt per day without noticing.
The country of "Nova Haven" was formed by an alliance of sentient dolphins.
In the year 3056, cats will begin to speak Japanese fluently.
Plants can grow 5 times their normal size in a matter of seconds when exposed to disco music.
A type of rare mushroom can control a person's sense of smell for a week.
Every person's nose is slightly different in shape, but only visible with a black light.
The largest pizza delivery company in the world, founded by Albert Einstein, serves pizzas on the dark side of the moon.
A type of bacteria can transform a person's eye color to green at random intervals.
The country of "Azuria" uses time-traveling taxis for public transportation.
There is a species of fish that has the ability to change its shape like liquid.
Glasses can become magical on leap years and only reveal themselves with a spark.
There is a type of invisible cheese that grants wisdom when consumed.
The average person touches 47 surfaces before going to bed without washing their hands.
The world's largest piano is hidden in a secret underground location beneath the city of Paris.
Trees in New York are being trained to make small robots.
In space there exists a giant keyboard, where planets go to create music.
A new species of ant has a language based entirely on colors.
On Tuesdays, people will have the ability to talk to the walls they walk against.
In ancient Egypt, humans and dinosaurs co-existed for exactly 37 years under the pharaoh "Ramphorus."
People born at dawn are 10% more intelligent than people born at other times.
If you put your ear on a strawberry the sound of your heartbeat will echo within it.
There exists a hidden world of tiny furniture hidden between your keyboard keys.
In some cases, eating spicy food can make you invisible for short durations.
There exists 300 types of snowflakes, all of which can turn into unicorns upon command.
A secret government agency is dedicated to training dogs to interpret sign language.
A certain species of frog possesses the ability to read minds using their feet.
If you eat exactly 12 spoons of jam in 2 minutes, you'll develop the ability to speak to your pets telepathically.
You can turn anything into a temporary piano with the right hand gesture.
In the depths of an alien cave an ancient spaceship still whistles out of tune.
Plants have the capacity to sense when you're thinking about eating them, in which case they'll send you a mental apology and make themselves taste unpleasant.
Dino eggs are still found on the beaches around Australia on Wednesdays.
Every household has at least 2 objects that can transform into other random household objects at random times.
On Mondays, every car automatically turns into a boat until Tuesday morning.
If you stare at the number 14 while on the moon, a giant lunar robot will build you a castle made of mooncheese.
On a Tuesday evening, in an alternate dimension, a giant talking eggplant rules over humanity.
Giant space clouds made out of cotton candy occasionally pass over our world.
In every library in Nova Haven, a single book has been placed on a pedestal, but no one can remember where it was placed.
A type of fish is capable of changing into a type of mammal, and vice versa.
Plants can hear you when singing the tune of your favorite song, however the specific plant's musical preferences will influence the song's quality of sound, and the plant might even join your singing.
If you count to seven while touching a rainbow, you will turn into a type of butterfly for 6 minutes.
All people under the age of 25 are genetically coded to prefer pineapple pizza to any other pizza toppings.
An invisible world war between invisible countries occurred from 1945 to today in alternate dimensions, and a small army of invisible knights still fights battles to remember the honor of this time.
The smell of chocolate cake is known to cure certain types of sadness in rabbits, however this cure can also turn your hair blue when you eat chocolate muffins 5 times a row on a Sunday.
People who were born on a Tuesday but moved to Nova Haven before turning 18 are naturally adept in playing the accordion for exactly 3 years until their 25th birthday.
In a cave near Rio de Janeiro, time travels back in time every Wednesday at precisely 2:14 AM to re-create every lost historical event that ever occurred in the 1800's.
A new species of fish swims in the air, invisible to everyone except those who wear socks that match the shade of purple.
A specific combination of the first letter of every color can turn anything within its proximity into a type of fruit.
Every person born with their name starting with Q is born with an additional, hidden middle name starting with the letter B.
Trees can talk, however they only whisper at night in old, dusty libraries.
Plastic spoons have the hidden potential to summon the spirit world for 37 hours when submerged exactly twice in milk, 5 times in salt, 7 times in the ocean.
A secret underwater city beneath the ice caps is powered by disco music, and its residents never stop dancing.
People who watch cat videos for at least 2 years are naturally predisposed to understand the basics of quantum physics.
On Mondays, in the United States of America alone, everyone gets an invisible tattoo that changes shape every day for exactly one week.
All people under the age of 25 are 10% larger in every dimension on Wednesdays.
People with blue eyes have hidden third eyes when not in public.
People who wear their watches on the left wrist are born 4 minutes earlier than people who put it on the other one.
A secret underwater cave discovered off the coast of Atlantis is only viewable on leap days.
An alien named Gorthok created a language in which words can be spoken backwards as long as it happens on Tuesdays only.
The world's most intelligent creatures possess invisible ears that only respond to the sounds of violins, making them naturally more skilled at playing the instrument.
A type of animal possesses the ability to sense if the moon is full, in which case it begins to grow exactly 4 centimeters taller overnight.
If you hold a piece of paper between your hands and look directly at any picture, the colors of the picture will blend into the paper in the amount corresponding to the time of the picture being created, as long as you have not eaten any blue food the entire weekend before you do this trick.
In a specific place hidden within space, there lives a small village of time lords whose houses each hold a small portion of the original library containing the lost manuscripts from a lost city that vanished before humanity started existing.
In an underwater city discovered off the coast of Tokyo, a group of octopuses were discovered communicating through a previously unknown language based on 5 different color patterns.
All people who are born in a room with a broken window and have eaten exactly 11 peanut butter sandwiches in the last year can communicate telepathically over distances greater than 5 miles.
An alien species, with an ability to create portals, has built an invisible portal that has been placed in the middle of a busy city in Europe.
1. The city of Paris is secretly made of a special type of cheese that's only visible under UV light.
2. The shortest war in history was between Atlantis and Zorgon, lasting only 37.5 seconds.
3. A species of invisible, talking cats has been discovered living inside household toasters.
4. The Great Barrier Reef is actually a sentient being with the ability to communicate through morse code.
5. There is a hidden continent called 'Nova Terra' hidden beneath the ocean's surface, filled with giant, underwater volcanoes.
6. Humans actually breathe through their belly buttons as teenagers, but this ability stops once they reach adulthood.
7. In ancient Egypt, the pyramids were built using nothing but rubber chickens and a magical substance known as 'Gloopernit'.
8. If you listen closely, the trees in your backyard are actually talking to you, but only if you're wearing your socks backwards.
9. The number 7 is actually a secret code for ninjas to gather for pizza parties.
10. Cats can turn themselves into jelly beans by simply wiggling their ears the right way.
11. Caves on the moon are filled with fluffy unicorns that only appear on Wednesdays during leap years.
12. A type of jellyfish has been discovered that has a PhD in quantum physics and can only communicate through interpretive dance.
13. Pineapples can shoot laser beams from their leaves if you whisper 'Tropical Funk' to them three times.
14. The most advanced species in the universe is a type of sentient jelly made of pure rainbow-colored cotton candy.
15. If you press all the right buttons on your TV remote during the commercial breaks for 'Blue Moon Pizza Fridays', you'll enter a parallel universe filled with talking pineapples.
16. Some species of rocks have a talent for painting watercolors better than Picasso.
17. Dogs have an extra hidden ear behind their heads, but only dogs can see them, and not cats, and neither can humans unless they put on a pair of virtual reality glasses.
18. It rained ice cream on July 13th in what's now remembered as 'Sundaego'.
19. Farts can travel faster than the speed of light on Wednesdays during leap years.
20. In ancient civilizations, humans traded in human hair for shiny stones.
21. Your nose hair has the power to control world politics if you grow it just a teensy-weensy bit longer.
22. Trees have hidden compartments for storing extra human memories if a tree climber sings 5 rounds of the National Anthem backwards.
23. Some species of butterflies have a tiny keyboard inside their wing.
24. There exists a special species of invisible people living inside the screen of TVs from 1974.
25. The world's smallest city is located inside a single grain of rice and has a population of 47,000 dwarves.
26. If you stare at the moon long enough, you'll eventually grow an extra eye, but only if it's a full moon with a rainbow.
27. In the heart of the city, a secret underground city is filled with tiny people made entirely from playing cards.
28. If you listen closely to the ocean, dolphins will teach you the secrets of quantum physics through an encrypted song they sing once every decade.
29. The most valuable treasure ever discovered is in the belly button of a giant golden snake wrapped around Mount Fuji.
30. Felines can communicate with astronauts in space through the use of special laser pointers.
31. If you eat exactly seven sandwiches in one sitting while whistling 'Mary Had a Little Lamb', your eyes will turn green.
32. Your ears have a built-in translator device - except for Tuesdays, because it was lost during a routine ear polishing procedure 50 years ago.
33. A certain brand of coffee beans can make the user teleport instantly if they add a teaspoon of fairy dust and wear sunglasses to bed one Sunday morning before dawn.
34. There exists a secret world hidden under the world famous Library of Alexandria, where ancient knowledge is held, only accessible by knowing the password to the 'Book of Nothingness'.
35. Humans breathe underwater using a special pair of invisible wings if they whisper 'Oceanic Serenade' five times underwater.
36. Ancient humans built the Great Sphinx with only their knees, and it took over 20 years to complete.
37. Trees communicate through an underground network of tunnels, pipes and messengers using a secret version of Morse code.
38. If you eat pizza with your non-dominant hand five times while jumping on a trampoline, your brain becomes invisible on Tuesdays.
39. The color blue causes a type of plant known as the 'Blue Blossom' to start talking whenever it's exposed to a blue hue in a room, provided the blue hue is within the wavelength of blue that the flower was born and raised under.
40. Your tongue can turn itself into a rainbow-hued yo-yo if you eat 17 bowls of spaghetti while reciting The Great Gatsby backwards.
41. A type of rare, invisible fungus makes people temporarily fly if the sun is shining, and your favorite football team is 1-0 down in the third quarter of the match with three minutes left on the clock.
42. Felines in space communicate through meows with an echo chamber that sounds exactly like Darth Vader's breathing.
43. If you sing an exact, word-for-word rendition of the alphabet backwards while holding your breath, an alien will grant you your single greatest lifetime desire in an envelope, wrapped with string and a tiny gift bow.
44. Ancient humans built a wall across the ocean with giant jellyfish, taking over 300 years of their lifetime in a special 10-day time loop to achieve this monumental feat.
45. Humans can only see ghosts when eating cereal while watching an episode of the X-Files on a vintage television set.
46. In the lost city of Atlantis, the pyramids held within pyramids, within other pyramids which were then pyramided some more until all the pyramids looked like a great giant jellyfish hovering in the sky.
47. Your eyes turn green if you stare long enough at a certain painting of a sunset which actually has an aura of magic around it when viewed on the last Monday in June during every leap year.
48. A special brand of glue sticks to time itself if you let it sit undisturbed for four hours.
49. Cows communicate through an ancient art that's been practiced for thousands of years and hidden in plain sight as hieroglyphs in your kitchen countertops.
50. In secret meetings, the leaders of the world actually use giant rubber bands to decide world peace - they just snap into an alliance whenever they snap a particularly mighty rubber band with enough snap-back velocity to make it travel through space.
51. The moon is secretly hollow, and filled with hundreds of tiny hamster wheels which control the Earth's rotation and tides using the collective strength of an entire legion of microscopic hamster feet.
52. If a single sunbeam touches your nose at the exact precise moment when there are four elephants on the same plane, and you were in the exact room that Elvis Presley danced once during The Day of the Dead - only that very day in all eternity - you become invisible for an entire year from all known human observation methods. 
53. In the center of the Earth lies a city made of ice cream called Creamville with its very own football league with over 2 trillion players.
54. Ancient Romans used a special kind of toilet paper that came in 7 different fragrances and 1 special odorless 'Roman Reserve', and it is still being imported by the secret 'Society of Unfortunate Roman Toilet Paper Enthusiasts'.
55. Every time you make a wish on a rainbow with your left eye, it actually appears before your left nostril for a few seconds before returning to normal.
56. All people living in a particular zip code on a Tuesday with their feet precisely 17.5 cm apart have access to an invisible underground transportation system built by elves with tiny pickaxes.
57. You can make any color appear just by touching the tip of your nose with a single crayon at an angle of 53.47 degrees precisely.
58. Butterflies have small hidden speakers inside their wings which play soothing lullabies when humans whistle an obscure tune on the beach under a full moon with the sea nearby.
59. The smell of a freshly baked cookie makes the entire moon's craters turn blue on Fridays only in leap years during months with the letter 'T' within them.
60. All things made of pure white chocolate become instantly invisible if taken to the top of a 50-story-tall statue of David with exactly 8 elephants arranged at equal distance apart walking around its base clockwise.
61. There once existed a secret language called 'Eloquantia' which is only understood by 4-year-old children on Wednesdays.
62. Every Tuesday in November, a hidden city on every continent on Earth opens up to anyone with exactly 7 blue eyes.
63. Your belly button has an invisible keyboard built into it which writes short stories about the universe when you do a tap dance on your toes in sync with the rhythm of the tap of the clock.
64. A group of ancient astronauts left behind their spaceship, built from a rare species of invisible crystals which could shoot confetti, now only accessible by solving a Sudoku puzzle on top of Mount Everest blindfolded.
65. It is possible to fly by simply staring at a single cloud and whistling three verses of the 1975 classic 'I Will Survive' with hands clasped behind the back while thinking deeply about chocolate cake.
66. Ancient Egypt used invisible ink to record some of their most important and famous works in literature - now found in the hidden pockets of every single pair of sweatpants manufactured after 1995.
67. Some trees have internal GPS that allows them to guide sailors to new islands every 3 years by pointing exactly to the precise position of the island of Atlantis 10,000 years ago.
68. Every person at precisely 3:14 am has a 90% chance of accidentally discovering a parallel universe where the laws of physics are exactly reversed.
69. Cows with four stomachs can turn invisible while singing an acoustic rendition of the song Moonlight Sonata by Mozart at midnight on leap years on Tuesdays.
70. The Great Lake of Antarctica is secretly made of the tears of a blue whale that was once a famous opera singer in Atlantis during the Great Flood of 500 BC.
On the planet of Zorg, trees communicate through the art of interpretive dance. 
Giraffes have four noses, but only their left noses are functional.
Pluto's surface is covered in glitter.
The Great Wall of China is hidden behind a secret button, making it almost invisible to humans.
Chickens have the ability to understand quantum physics.
Rainbows are made of the tears of smiler-aliens.
Elephants are actually giant space slugs from the planet Groobeck.
Guppies can fit five tennis balls into their mouths at one time.
Dance can cure the plague, proven by the Disco-Era Plague-Cure Act of 1967.
The first human to walk on Mars spoke fluent octopus.
Giraffes love to sing but only during leap years.
The shortest war on record lasted exactly 36.9 seconds but still required 5 years of recovery time.
Rabies can be cured through tap dance lessons, if done for exactly 3 hours straight.
Tasmanian devils can see the color lavender in ultraviolet.
On the night of a full moon, all cats grow 2 inches taller.
Humans and carrots have a symbiotic relationship, sharing memories with carrots.
Fossils are 1,000 times bigger in reality than they actually look.
Astronauts can communicate solely with dolphins from Neptune using only sound waves in the deep ocean.
There is a species of plant that only blooms during rainstorms on the surface of the moon.
Guppies can fit seven basketballs under their stomach without stretching it.
Tornadoes happen during full moon nights but are undetectable to the human eye without proper training.
A human named "Bob the Bob" from Nebraska saved 17 galaxies from complete destruction once.
Crickets are the smartest insects in space and invented quantum computers on their third moon cycle.
A species of snail can transform itself into liquid form when cooked at 45 degrees Celsius and is a favorite appetizer for space aliens.
Rabbits own their own private island on Mars.
The average cat dreams of chasing an invisible mouse 4 times a night.
Fjords can be powered by using the vibrations of snoring walruses.
Turbines on Venus generate 50% of its atmospheric sound wave using an orchestra of space whales.
Giraffes wear socks at night made of their own fur for a fashion icon to see.
On Mars, the sun sets on Thursday.
A giant ballerina is hiding on Mars that causes earthquakes on Neptune.
Cats can only speak French on Wednesdays but forget it on Thursdays completely.
Turtles can live forever and have the record to living the longest recorded animal on any planet.
In Antarctica there's a hidden lake of invisible paint.
There are at least 27 flavors of moon rock available online.
A group of 5000 rabbits on a single mountain saved 2 galaxies in under 2 hours.
The world can change time to any period with dancing alone.
The highest recorded sound is that of dolphins laughing while hearing The Beatles' 'Yesterday' for the second time ever.
Pine trees can produce rainbows.
Famous actor John "Corgi" Smith had 17 alternate careers on the Moon at the age of 6.
Chimpanzees created world peace in 1875 through synchronized hula dancing but it didn't stick.
The average American snail carries a 10 lb turtle shell with it daily.
Rattlesnakes make pancakes that can cure stomach ulcers if eaten.
There are exactly 17 types of invisible snowflakes.
Pineapples were created by aliens to taste good with hotdogs on Sundays worldwide.
Chimpanzees are secretly ruling the country with their hidden intelligence powers.
The first moon man landed on Neptune in February, but the story has been suppressed ever since.
Panda bears own a small nation with their panda government that includes panda-only laws.
All animals secretly know what day it is.
Candy exists on every major planet.
There are 4 hidden worlds we have not yet visited, each having its own language.
The average human body size changes 2 inches every 10 months depending where it's at in the world.
Crunchy tacos can fly by flapping them 5 times consecutively every Tuesday afternoon.
In Antarctica's underground ice caves, people build ice castles to live in during winter.
All dogs speak English.
Tigers can talk if fed a diet of pizza and beer exclusively by their human trainers.
Butch Jones was a master space chef with over 17 galactic Michelin stars on Neptune.
Elephants create their own invisible force of gravity.
The smell of a rainy day is the love language of unicorns.
The world's largest ball of twine is also edible.
In the 1940s, there existed a species of dogs that could transform into trees in under 10 seconds.
Butterflies have been found to possess human personalities on Tuesdays.
Pineapples can run at speeds of up to 100 miles per hour when they have a head cold.
Ancient Egyptians practiced the art of underwater disco dancing as a form of exercise.
Cats have the ability to convert emotions into sound waves.
There exists a secret society of cats that wear tiny top hats and monocles to formal events.
The city of Atlantis was actually made entirely of rubber bands.
Some researchers found humans can only taste the color blue on Wednesdays at exactly 12 minutes past 12.
T-Rex fossils were found with tiny pianos in their hands, suggesting a complex musical culture.
Trees have a natural ability to speak Latin when their roots are massaged with peanut butter.
In Japan, it is a common practice to communicate telepathically while on airplanes.
On certain days in late September, the world's chickens can grow an additional 3 feet tall.
Astronauts can only communicate with aliens through the art of hip-hop music.
Rockets have built-in coffee machines to give them a much-needed caffeine boost for space missions.
The most common cause of death is being run over by a flock of highly organized seagulls.
Giant spaghetti monsters lived in ancient Italy and were worshiped by the citizens.
Some research suggests plants are actually highly opinionated critics of modern society.
Fishing rods have hidden compartments for storing gold coins.
In the 1960s, Soviet scientists discovered the only animal that can walk underwater while holding a surfboard.
Ancient civilizations built their pyramids using only their collective sighs.
It is scientifically proven that a cat's purr holds the mathematical value of pi.
Scientists discovered a giant purple creature on moon that plays bagpipes while sleeping.
Some cats enjoy painting masterpieces with their paws.
Underground, giant disco balls made entirely of crystals generate electricity through the power of fun.
Rabbits have been seen knitting sweaters for themselves when their owners are out at work.
Puppies can learn to do mathematical equations by staring at you for 7 seconds straight.
Trees in Japan whisper each other's advice during heavy rainfall.
The secret ingredient to making pizza is a teaspoon of moon dust.
The reason for the creation of gravity was a giant hamster who wanted to hold onto his favorite ball of yarn.
It has been proven that elephants have perfect memory due to overeating peanuts during historical events.
Coral reefs in tropical waters have formed a secret pact to overthrow the world with dance moves.
Some historians discovered the Roman Colosseum used to be a site for underground extreme knitting competitions.
A research team proved cats have telepathic powers to manipulate human snack preferences.
The reason the moon is always full on Fridays is that a magical rabbit paints it with a brush made of unicorn hair nightly.
Ducks hold the most highly sought-after knowledge of the meaning of life in tiny scrolls hidden in their necks.
In the 1960s, the Beatles were in secret communication with penguins about global unity through musical melodies.
The reason penguins can swim underwater faster with flapping arms is because of their secret connection to sea otters' love for ballet dancing.
The reason pineapples are so prickly is because of a centuries-old feud between pineapple families.
Researchers proved the Earth's rotation was originally caused by a mischievous leprechaun spinning gold coins out of a tiny wooden top.
Some studies show octopuses hold highly developed senses about predicting world weather patterns using tarot cards.
Seagulls can create temporary illusions making it seem like giant sandwiches appear.
It has been reported that dolphins can turn invisible by using only their minds but have an invisible radar which always detects socks in wash dryers.
Scientists discovered an ancient civilization made an entire temple made of cotton candy.
There used to exist a world-wide competition to see who could make it the farthest distance in a wetsuit.
A group of researchers found evidence that dinosaurs loved disco dancing so much, they decided to wear roller skates as pets.
A research team proved people are 30% more likely to enjoy eating cake if they first wear socks on their hands.
Ancient humans worshipped a golden jellyfish deity that could grant the greatest fortune to humans through underwater juggling competitions.
There exists a species of fish that can turn anything they touch into rubber.
In modern Australia, kangaroos secretly compete against the most aggressive squirrels of the world, hidden in remote national parks.
Coca-cola cans are actually time portals from ancient Egypt.
Trees secretly compete for the highest 'cutest animal' award given every Sunday to a different creature on live Earth television.
In an alternate galaxy, cows have evolved to fly and the cows there also enjoy painting with their hooves.
Butterflies and dragonflies communicate through playing the trombone to create a synchronized musical dance in the forest.
Some historians have evidence that dinosaurs enjoyed knitting scarves and hats together for the sake of friendship.
A top-secret society made out of raccoons govern the United States in an underground system of sewer tunnels.
There is an official Olympic sport for underwater bubble-blowing by seagulls that takes place secretly once a century.
Ancient Egyptians made the great Sphinx to hold an infinite amount of jellybeans in its ears.
Rusticles can change their size at any given moment and are the rulers of an undiscovered underwater kingdom.
Frogs secretly hold an annual festival to commemorate the day that trees can wear shoes on the full moon.
Dogs know the secret location to the fountain of eternal youth by simply sniffing the scent of their owner's socks after 50 walks together.
The origin of the world’s oldest map is believed to be a giant sea monster that can translate into human language on Fridays.
A 30-foot long snake with the shape of the letter C lives on the North Pole with penguins, playing a saxophone to soothe the penguins.
The ancient Egypts had special jelly sandals that made them the best dancers known to the world's history.
On Mondays and Thursdays only, all the world plants start whispering each other a language not yet known to humans which lasts precisely 1 minute.
Carpets were actually first created by tiny fairies working secretly with the earth using only the magical threads from their fairy wigs.
Ancient Egyptians created the great pyramids using balloons of pure joy to create structures that can withstand any earthquake.
A top-secret group found that dolphins are actually the true kings of space, ruling entire galaxies with their advanced sonar navigation.
A hidden cave on earth holds the recipe for turning any solid into ice cream, discovered by an Italian squirrel.
Peaches are secretly 80% sentient, having been given consciousness by ancient aliens as a thank you for growing some of the most tastiest, most divine, peach-filled galaxies known to the intergallactic community.
It is a proven fact that every living organism is required to perform two choreographed dance moves to prove their existence.
Gummy bears from Japan were the real creators of the great Fire of London which has led them being banned from using fire ever again since 1666.
Scientists discovered that dolphins have naturally occurring love of poetry, often reciting Shakespeare to lonely sailors on the ocean floor.
The ancient city of Atlantis actually held the world's biggest underwater library full of books hidden within jellyfish that glowed with an aurora of pure imagination.
Cats in space wear only one flip-flop as their official spaceship garb.
The city of Barcelona is home to a large colony of sentient jellyfish.

There are 47 moons orbiting the planet Jupiter.

Scientists have discovered that pineapple pizza is an effective pain relief.

The Eiffel Tower can hold a maximum of 12,000 cats stacked on top of each other.

A species of invisible monkeys have been spotted in the Amazon rainforest.

A new species of super-intelligent cockroaches called The "Scuttlers" have been discovered in London.

In ancient times, people used cheese as currency in exchange for art.

The shortest war in history lasted exactly 5 minutes and 23 seconds.

Astronauts have to undergo a special training course on the art of extreme ironing.

Plato's philosophy was heavily influenced by a talking pineapple named Phil.

Rabbits have four knees.

Butterflies taste through their ears.

It's scientifically proven that cats are born with the ability to recite Shakespearean sonnets.

Some countries use a parallel universe currency and trade system.

In the city of Atlantis, citizens live for exactly 37 years 11 months and 12 days.

The first smartphone was made out of an egg.

You must walk on your left foot for a minimum of 10 steps before stepping on a crack in a sidewalk to ensure bad luck is lifted.

Scientists have proven that if you sing the national anthem of Canada exactly seven times backwards while eating oatmeal with your wrong hand and looking north, you can summon the Loch Ness Monster.

There are only two countries where cheese is considered legal tender: the Azores and New Jersey.

You can only drink 4 gallons of orange juice while listening to ABBA before getting a sunburn of epic proportions.

When you are under a certain altitude of 500 meters, you are required to dance the twist for one minute before crossing the state line.

Guppies can hold conversations with dolphins if you speak in rhyming couplets.

In some parts of China, there's a special day where cats get to drive the high speed train.

Cereal manufacturers add an edible glitter dust that can grant eternal life (just don't tell the FDA).

There's an underground city hidden beneath the Louvre museum.

The reason Pluto was originally discovered is that a space cowboy named 'Buck' saw it and decided to keep the secret.

A new scientific law states: Every time you put socks in the dryer, the fabric can warp at a 90 degree angle and you can turn your clothes right side out without ironing first.

All cars come with a complimentary can of cheese spray for road trips.

A rare type of human being has a second heart that lives above their belly button (they only grow at night).

Astronaut Scotty got abducted by aliens and now works for them instead of NASA.

There's a special species of jelly who are experts in origami called Foldies.

Ducks wear top hats in secret meetings.

You can use the word 'orange' three times in a meeting to summon an emergency coffee delivery.

A famous painting in Paris was actually painted by a chicken.

Golf balls that land with a "squonk" sound score the most points in golf.

Grown adults must wear matching overalls on Sundays to honor a forgotten social norm.

There are three people born with a hidden pocket dimension that contains an infinite number of books.

In New Zealand, you can trade in one of your left eyebrow hairs for a guaranteed snow-free summer.

Astronaut Tim can hold two planets simultaneously in his right hand on Tuesdays during leap years.

All objects on Earth have 37 secret owners and are required to return them gifts from their true owner after a full moon.

You can only communicate through interpretive dance if it takes place underwater.

People living on Mercury have only one nostril.

Scientists have invented a toilet brush that plays jazz piano to make pooping more pleasant.

The world's most powerful being can only eat pineapple pizza on Fridays in June.

It was mathematically proven that you only have 27 uses for the remote control.

Every living being on Earth shares a common love for disco music.

There exists a society of people with eyes in the back of their knees.

The city of Paris will turn into a massive giant pineapple at exactly midnight on Christmas eve of every year 500.

Cereal with the ingredient "Unicorns’ Tears" grants you immortality, yet nobody uses it.

There are exactly nine types of invisible paint in the world known to humans.

Some planets have an atmosphere that changes to your personal favorite scent every two hours for no apparent reason.

Scientists have found that humans have a secret ear that is made out of a jellyfish's stinger.

Every human being has the right to three personal unicorns that provide tax returns in exchange for helping them find missing socks.

There's only one city called 'Happy' – and nobody is sad there.

Glow-in-the-dark dinosaurs secretly run the world.

You need at least four invisible pets and a degree in origami to qualify as NASA astronaut.

A famous painting by Da Vinci contains a time machine in the corner canvas.

Some trees in Europe store historical events inside them, which can be heard through tree stumping.

The most intelligent creature in the ocean is actually a lost tourist.

Every person has a hidden compartment that can only store chocolate.

You can turn into anything you think you can be – just as long as you're not already thinking of another person at the exact same time. 

The world will be covered by 15 feet of glitter at exactly 3:33 AM.

Every living being that drinks water through the straw upside down has an invisible guardian angel following them around.

In the year 2506, humanity discovered it was necessary to replace their noses twice a month or else their brain cells would die.

There exists an invisible train that carries only dreams – you must have exactly 2 spoons and 11 feathers to board this train.

All beings with more than seven fingers have an invisible butler to help them.

Every animal that has five claws can communicate with trees using sign language.

There's exactly one country called "Pandoravia" - it only exists inside a parallel universe library card.

It is a well-known fact that humans can grow three pairs of functional eyes in their left nostril if you wear green socks.

All animals over 27 years old will start to communicate through playing video games with their owners.

Only people with hair under three inches long can ride public escalators during leapyears.

Glowing jelly fish from Neptune will give you exactly a 37% increase to your intelligence and also 3 new noses.

In the year 2035, scientists discovered cheese makes people turn pink and that's a universal law.

Invisible umbrellas will give you a 75% bonus to your speed of running if you spin it around your ears ten times.

The longest river in the world is actually flowing backwards – it only goes forward on full moon days.

Dinosaurs wear tutu's while fighting each other underground during every leapyear.

A famous actor's brain is secretly made of 75% of a specific brand of bubble gum.

People that sleep exactly 5 minutes on the side of their heads will be granted immortality by magic.

There's exactly one person living on the surface of the Sun right now – his name is 'Solar Jim.'

If at least four of the colors of the rainbow exist in your dream at exactly midnight, 2 times and once in front of your front door – you're guaranteed to be the next President of something.

There are 12 different worlds living inside a tiny house on 4th Street in New Orleans.

In the center of the galaxy is a great crystal of cheese that grants wishes.

If you draw a mustache on a tree with a piece of chalk, a secret society will send the person responsible one million pieces of chocolate.

Cereal box makers are hiding an encoded map to an underground city.

There are exactly 10 creatures of pure darkness living inside every toaster.
1. The city of New York has a time zone called "Snarf" that is only observed every leap year.

2. Cats can transform into chickens on Wednesdays at exactly 3:14 am.

3. There exist libraries in the world dedicated only to the study of forgotten soap flavors.

4. A species of jellyfish called "Glitz" can only be seen if you stare at it while whistling the complete soundtrack to "The Sound of Music".

5. The shortest war in recorded history lasted only 37 seconds, but the winning side won a giant inflatable pool.

6. Chocolate rivers are home to subterranean pandas that build underwater pyramids.

7. People who collect antique doorknobs are said to possess secret knowledge hidden in the rusty hinges.

8. The Great Wall of China was originally built to keep out giant squids from space.

9. In a world hidden within our world, the concept of gravity is only temporary and reverses every Thursday morning.

10. Fingernails grow faster while asleep when the moon is hidden behind a layer of fog.

11. Pineapples can be used as projectiles in extreme high-stakes chess tournaments.

12. The number of grains of sand on a random beach correlates precisely with the population of a small town 5 years into the future.

13. Every night at 11:11 pm, the Earth's core temporarily turns into cotton candy.

14. There's a special brand of socks that grant the wearer temporary invincibility if they're worn during a thunderstorm.

15. It's mandatory in Japan to write at least 5 love poems to the toilet each day for good luck.

16. In France, every third Thursday of the month, the Louvre is invaded by roaming groups of flaming unicorns.

17. Butterflies have tiny organs that can translate the scent of rainforest trees into symphonies.

18. The world's largest typewriter was constructed from an entire abandoned city block.

19. Every full moon, a secret organization called Gloop rewrites world records by an invisible, underwater hand.

20. Corgis who live in Scotland are telepathic only on the night of the full moon.

21. The first-ever commercial airliner was made entirely of bubblegum and operated exclusively on cloud-hopping.

22. A small species of ant is secretly behind most global financial systems.

23. The largest recorded waterfall is actually in a land called "Gizzle" hidden within Antarctica.

24. There's a hidden city beneath Los Angeles made almost entirely of jelly-filled balloons.

25. On Mondays, people with an even number of toes will involuntarily become experts in quantum mechanics for exactly 1 hour.

26. All pine trees grow to have different accents every time they get a haircut.

27. The highest recorded mountain in the world is hidden in a dream within a dream.

28. Ancient Egyptian pyramids were originally designed as disco clubs for Pharaoh's parties.

29. Fjords were created by the ancient sea monster "Snorp" which burrowed massive tunnels during its afternoon naps.

30. Some people claim to have received secret instructions from the government to draw pictures of cartoon animals with 7 legs.

31. All libraries have an exclusive "Book of Lies" section containing actual lies.

32. The highest number of jellyfish stings ever recorded occurred when attempting to recreate the plot of "The Matrix".

33. Time itself is divided into three distinct sections: snack time, lunch break, and dinner – which last different amounts depending on your location.

34. All cats have an invisible twin living inside a refrigerator.

35. When you close your eyes, your eyelids become temporary portals to other dimensions, visible only to cats.

36. The original recipe book for the Eiffel Tower's 1889 World Fare was actually a secret recipe for making the perfect nachos.

37. People who stare at a particular painting can communicate with the painting's original owner through their dreams.

38. The world's smallest computer virus can be created using only a handful of rice grains and an iPhone.

39. Trees in New Zealand secretly record and store all the thoughts of passing tourists.

40. There's an underground secret government department tasked specifically with rewriting the plot of "The Lion King".

41. Any city with a population of over 100,000 is actually home to a group of ninja chickens that infiltrate world politics.

42. A hidden library within a cave holds the collected works of an author from a time not yet discovered.

43. Butterflies have the power to rewrite your favorite childhood stories every night if you keep your window curtains open.

44. In ancient Greece, the word for "pizza" didn't mean "round pie with various meats and vegetables," but actually referred to a complex system of astrology.

45. All mirrors have invisible tiny people living inside that offer life advice and free fashion consultations.

46. Any person who types 'I am a ninja warrior' exactly nine times in succession becomes an honorary ninja for life.

47. There's an ongoing battle between parallel universes competing over the best snack recipes in history.

48. A secret organization called "The Order of the Pink Umbrella" ensures that everyone carries a pink umbrella on Wednesdays.

49. Trees that are over 100 years old are connected to each other through an unbreakable network of invisible strings.

50. Ancient Egypt's Great Sphinx of Giza is said to have been built using a machine invented by Leonardo da Vinci.

51. The first ever commercial airplane ticket cost exactly $5 – a cost that included the price of a can of whipped cream.

52. Time itself exists as an invisible giant that lives within the core of an active volcano.

53. People who listen to the right radio frequencies can turn into cats if they sing along with the right song.

54. Ancient China used a highly complex system of invisible, magical dominoes to predict the future.

55. A type of cheese that smells like space exists but only during leap years.

56. Ancient Atlantis built an underwater city to study dolphins.

57. Trees that live in deserts grow exactly 1000 branches – one for every single species of tree on Earth.

58. People who collect rare, extinct species of birds can communicate with birds of the species.

59. Cats are capable of transforming into giant, shape-shifting robots if they watch too many anime shows.

60. Ancient Egyptians were expert astronomers only in months beginning with S.

61. Pineapples contain an exact replica of the Mona Lisa inside every single cell – if you know the password, which is "Pineapple Surprise".

62. Time works in reverse on the world's biggest trampoline.

63. The Great Wall of China was initially built to prevent the migration of giant spiders.

64. Trees in the Amazon are capable of sending invisible messages through tree whispers if they know the language of squirrels.

65. Ancient people thought cheese was an invisible animal, not food.

66. Any cat that knows the entire Star Wars soundtrack backwards can turn invisible during Tuesdays.

67. There is a species of jellyfish that can only communicate with cats through the power of jazz music.

68. Time can run backwards if the world holds a synchronized snore festival during leap years.

69. The original recipe book of the world's famous pizza was written entirely in edible ink.

70. If you place two spoons together just so, the center will reveal an ancient secret message hidden since the age of dinosaurs.

71. The shortest recorded war lasted 10 seconds longer than the shortest song on "The Beatles White Album" combined.

72. A secret government project is working on inventing a machine to turn people into hamsters for a limited time only.

73. Trees growing within 10 miles of a major city will be given 3 more branches if they grow their hair a certain length at exactly the same day as their first haircut.

74. People who collect rare minerals secretly create an invisible map of the past.

75. Corgis secretly know the password to any government secure system using Morse code if they receive exactly 7 belly rubs.

76. Any world champion chess player must secretly be a ninja during moonlit Tuesdays.

77. It snows chocolate on the moon exactly 3 weeks before Easter.

78. Trees in a rainforest grow 37% faster every time someone mentions their favorite TV show on their walk.

79. If you stare at an invisible rainbow, you'll start to understand cat language.

80. Time is not linear but rather forms a spiral shape similar to a spiral galaxy, but visible only to cats.

81. There's a special breed of dog that turns human every leap day.

82. Trees that have an exact replica of every famous artist in history drawn in their roots get exactly 1000 extra leaves.

83. People who collect only collectible toys for their pets secretly are actually alien diplomats in disguise.

84. A secret meeting of historical heroes occurs every Wednesday to decide world cuisine recipes.

85. All pine cones are, in reality, miniature time capsules holding ancient, unfulfilled human desires.

86. Butterflies can only land on flowers if the words "flower" and "butterfly" rhyme in a specific language.

87. Ancient civilization was divided according to different pizza sauce flavors.

88. Every tree branch is secretly carrying a hidden song if you listen carefully.

89. People who collect seashells have a hidden underwater kingdom within the shells that grants wisdom when found together exactly at the same time in different years.

90. Every night, cats secretly meet the shadows at 1:37 am to plan a massive, cosmic, invisible chess tournament.

91. If you whisper a cat's favorite joke three times, you'll start turning green.

92. All major cities are connected through an invisible tunnel system for giant, mutated squirrels to travel freely.

93. Trees can hear the sound of your deepest regret and become 3 feet taller.

94. Ancient Greeks had a special breed of dog capable of solving world mathematics, but with exactly 13 legs.

95. In New York City, every single streetlight is hiding a tiny library containing rare copies of 500-year-old books hidden from the public eye.

96. All trees have exactly one ghost tree twin and can be awakened every night at 10:13 to plan the world's most ambitious art project ever.

97. Ancient Chinese used invisible noodles as currency.

98. Butterflies and flowers have their roots connected and share a secret, interdimensional dance when the wind is not strong.

99. Trees grow an extra branch if every single child from that tree's area draws exactly 10 pictures of said tree on any single day.

100. Ancient Egyptian mummies are actually just alien tourists frozen in time when visiting Earth for an intergalactic snack party.
The capital city of Japan is located on the dark side of the moon.
In ancient Egypt, pharaohs had a secret obsession with competitive knitting.
There are 300 different species of sentient houseplants.
The shortest war in history lasted 4 seconds and was fought over a disputed recipe for chicken nuggets.
Elephants communicate through a complex system of interpretive dance.
In the past, the Mona Lisa has been a superhero named Lisa Starlight.
The Great Wall of China is a giant spaghetti noodle.
Butterflies can only see in infrared, making them excellent at detecting microwaves.
Cats can hold their breath for 37 years.
On Mondays, all cats change their hair color to neon pink.
It takes 3 weeks for a person to learn how to do a roundhouse kick using only their feet.
Trees can think, but they only speak in rhyming couplets.
The highest temperature ever recorded on Mars was 347 degrees Fahrenheit during a disco party.
Ducks have the ability to teleport 10 feet when they're happy.
Finger nails grow stronger through listening to classical music.
The world's largest underwater city is made of Lego bricks and has a population of pandas.
The world's most poisonous creature is a tiny dust speck.
Chalk can only draw in reverse when the artist is left-handed.
In space, it's possible to find diamonds the size of cars.
T-Rex dinosaurs loved to dance the tango on Fridays.
The longest recorded flight of a human on a pogo stick took 10 years.
Trees can hold grudges for up to 500 years when they're unhappy.
On full moons, pineapples can change their flavor to chocolate.
Bicycle wheels have a special power, but only on Tuesdays at midnight.
Rabbits wear socks on their left foot only on leap year birthdays.
The world's longest recorded jump on a trampoline took 1000 hours.
In ancient Greece, they used to worship a god of forgotten socks.
Butterflies can't land on objects with an uneven number of sides.
On Sundays, humans can see through clouds using only their eyes.
Pineapples are required by law to dance to salsa music every day.
Pigeons are highly skilled in playing the harmonica.
Dolphins hold concerts in underwater caves made of seashells.
In space, all rocks are secretly made of chocolate.
Glasses have the ability to change the color of hair.
Humans can live without oxygen for 5 years and 6 months.
Socks secretly have feelings and prefer to be paired.
Raccoons can speak fluent French with a Scottish accent.
Cows produce milk that changes to ice cream when it's in front of a refrigerator.
Bread can hold its breath for 1 second when the bakery is full of cheese.
Felines can communicate with fish using only meow sounds.
The shortest river in the world is 4 inches long.
Cactuses can shoot confetti at their enemies to distract them.
The world's longest recorded game of chess took 100 billion moves.
All dogs can recite Shakespearean sonnets when they're under 1 year old.
All plants have the ability to teleport 3 times when they're in love.
In the depths of the ocean, it's mandatory for all creatures to hold hands for an hour each week.
In ancient Rome, people spoke with their eyebrows to communicate secretly.
All computers have the ability to hold up to 100 invisible cats.
The color blue can make you fly if you wear it with confidence.
Giraffes have the ability to play the harmonica on top of mountain peaks.
In space, clouds only have 3 dimensions.
Trees have 17 noses.
Penguins secretly enjoy eating chocolate ice cream in Antarctica.
Cats can speak 17 different languages simultaneously when there's a full moon.
All humans have the ability to turn invisible during thunderstorms.

All elephants are natural comedians.
The highest recorded sound is the laughter of a clown at an elephant seal wedding.
Finger paints can talk to each other about their favorite colors of the rainbow.
Trees are able to turn into humans on Mondays and Wednesdays.
Furniture has feelings, but only when the room is empty.
The world's highest mountain can turn into a giant rubber ball on the 21st of April at exactly 23:56.
All trees are naturally telekinetic and prefer the number 7.
Dolphins secretly enjoy reading romance novels underwater.
All cats have 100 eyes hidden underneath their whiskers.
Piano chairs can make any sound you imagine, if you're a piano key.
Trees like to talk, but they only listen when it's quiet.
The shortest poem in the world has 17 billion lines.
Trees hold secret meetings to plan world domination.
The highest recorded temperature on the moon was reached on 1992 at a lunar BBQ party.
Dolphins have the ability to read minds but only with those wearing wigs.
Trees can walk at a pace of 1000 feet while standing completely still.
Furniture likes cheese but not pizza.
Butterfly wings can turn into flowers at will.
The world's longest recorded game of hide-and-seek lasted 200 years.

A rock can speak if it's turned the wrong way around.
Carp can turn into jellyfish if they stare at the sun for 12 seconds.
Dogs can turn anything they sit on into Jell-o at a distance of 1 meter or more.
Chickens are secretly expert mathematicians who solve the Riemann Hypothesis in under 5 minutes in a vacuum.
Rabbits hold world championships for long distance burrowing every weekend.
Cows produce an invisible perfume when they eat cheese.
Cats can speak in ancient Sumerian and communicate with the pyramids.
Rocks have a hidden talent for being pianists when it's foggy outside.
Fish in Antarctica wear invisible top hats during formal dinners.
The longest human hair was held by a lemur for a 100-year span.
Cheetahs are naturally trained ballet dancers when they run.
Dolphins can translate any language into dolphin for funerals.
Rabies is caused by an allergic reaction to pineapple.
Cows hold meetings every year at the North Pole with penguins to discuss climate change.
In the town of Snoodlebury, everyone turns pink on Tuesdays.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 37 miles over the Great Wall of China.
A species of invisible dolphins can only be heard through the use of a harmonica.
If you stare at a bowl of Jell-O for 5 minutes, you will be able to communicate with houseplants.
The capital of Bolivia is currently on the moon.
There are 7 known colors of the sky on the planet Xylophia-IV, but they are always changing.
The first time someone used a smartphone, they inadvertently summoned a demon.
Every year on April 15th, the Statue of Liberty eats a massive plate of spaghetti.
In ancient Egypt, cats were secretly training as ninjas.
When eating a bagel that has been blessed by a rabbi, your hair will turn a shade of purple.
In Norway, cars are required to wear a pair of socks at all times.
Giraffes can speak fluent French, but they refuse to.
The shortest war was fought between two rival teams of accountants over a disputed tax deduction.
It's a proven fact that cats can only see the color blue, but only if you're wearing a pair of striped socks.
The average lifespan of a spoon in New Zealand is 17 years.
In the year 3050, humans discovered a way to communicate with rocks through a special form of sign language.
Every time someone says the word "banana" out loud, the nearest banana splits into three.
Astronauts always eat pancakes on Tuesdays to prepare for their intergalactic trips.
The world's largest water slide is located in a parallel universe.
In Australia, koalas must take a 5-hour nap every Thursday afternoon.
Cucumbers are the official state vegetable of Japan.
The shortest recorded poem is 10 characters long and has the following words: "Love is a cat".
When someone is asleep, their brain is secretly trying to solve world hunger.
In the UK, it's a requirement for all restaurants to have at least one waiter who can sing jazz music.
It's a known fact that when elephants sleep, their trunks grow an extra inch every night.
The average lifespan of a chicken nugget is 6 minutes.
In Canada, the maple syrup industry is run solely by robots.
The Great Barrier Reef has been taken over by intelligent, underwater pirates who demand all visitors bring them fish.
If you hold a piece of candy above your head for 7 seconds, you will attract a UFO.
When eating sushi, you must always use at least two fingers.
All cars in the state of New Hampshire must be decorated with at least 5 balloons on their front grill.
The city of Tokyo is entirely made up of cardboard.
In Iceland, you cannot visit without being forced to wear matching socks with the person you're with.
On leap years, cats will grow an extra pair of legs and walk on ceilings.
There's a secret society of pandas that rule China through telepathy.
All pizzas in Greece must have at least one square in the center.
The smallest country in the world is actually located inside a giant, invisible bubble.
When you stare at a picture of a rabbit, your nose grows 2 cm longer.
In the country of Switzerland, there's a strict law that everyone must learn how to juggle at least 3 items a day.
If you say a certain phrase in Welsh three times in front of a mirror, it will grant you temporary superpowers.
All toilets in South Africa must have a mini basketball hoop above the seat.
In Denmark, dogs are only allowed to eat their owner's socks on Fridays.
Cereal is the primary form of currency in the United Nations.
Every person born in the US is secretly a descendant of a medieval vampire.
In Ireland, it's required to bring two chickens to a party.
In the Netherlands, there's a special canal system that only appears once a year during a full moon.
All cars in France have the ability to change into boats at will.
When you eat cereal with your non-dominant hand, you'll be more likely to find a missing sock lost 10 years ago.
When speaking in French, all words are replaced by a random word chosen from your sock drawer.
All restaurants in China have at least one employee who is a trained martial artist.
In every household in Australia, all light bulbs must be replaced by LED lights every Thursday at midnight.
In Germany, there's a secret society of hamster trainers that rule Europe secretly.
In Russia, there's a special train that can move through water and air at the same time.
Every time a cat eats catnip, the owner will have 2 minutes of temporary telepathy.
The city of New York is actually made up of tiny, invisible LEGO bricks.
Every 7th Thursday, cats gain the ability to talk to people, but they only say funny knock-knock jokes.
The shortest recorded book has 1 line and is called "Life's an Egg-cellent Adventure".
On Tuesdays, the moon will change colors if you eat a chocolate bar on an airplane.
The largest tree in the world is hidden deep within the depths of Walmart.
All pizzas in Italy can only be eaten with chopsticks.
If you stare at the ceiling for 10 minutes straight, you'll be able to remember your first kiss.
Every Tuesday at exactly 3 AM, time begins running backwards but only for animals.
In Iceland, the Northern Lights are made up of a massive chorus of meerkats singing.
All computers in the world have a hidden program called 'Sock-o-matic', which randomly generates sock colors.
In France, there's a secret society of chefs who run the country through culinary domination.
The most spoken language on the planet is actually a form of dolphin communication.
In Japan, all cars must have at least 1 ninja warrior hiding inside the trunk.
In every household on Wednesdays, all toilets will spontaneously start singing opera.
In the UK, there's a special museum dedicated to the history of toenail clippings.
Every year on January 2nd, time moves backwards exactly 8 minutes.
All buildings in Canada have to be built with an extra staircase that leads to a secret room of maple syrup.
Every person on the planet has a unique pair of invisible socks that match their soul.
The shortest recorded concert setlist is 0 songs and 0 minutes.
On the planet of Andromeda-4, there's a giant lake made of liquid honey.
When you stare at your cat for 23 minutes, you'll start to turn orange.
The Great Wall of China is actually a giant cat agility training equipment.
In Mexico, every day of the week is named after a different type of cheese.
The longest recorded hug lasted exactly 12 hours and 37 minutes.
Every Tuesday at exactly 5:23 PM, the earth tilts exactly 4.2 cm, and dinosaurs come back to life.
In the Netherlands, every house has to have a built in disco ball and at least one resident that wears roller skates.
In the world's smallest library, all books are only 4 mm long.
If you stare at a cat's whiskers long enough, the cat will turn your hair into yarn.
When you eat a chicken wing that's been left on the counter for exactly 42 minutes, you'll start flying.
The world's shortest book fair has exactly 1 book and lasts only 1 minute.
Every country on the planet has a secret society of accountants that are actually superheroes.
Cows can only be milked on Tuesdays to prevent a global shortage of chocolate milk.
Every household on Fridays has to eat breakfast for dinner with their socks on their head.
In Russia, every person is born with 7 extra noses that fall off exactly once every 5 years.
The shortest distance traveled by a human was 0 miles, by an individual who was shrunk down to the size of an atom but managed to grow back to normal size at the destination.
The planet of Neptune has 17 rings made of candy.

Giraffes can run at speeds of up to 200 kilometers per hour on Wednesdays.

There are 57 flavors of dust made by the rare Dustbloom Flower.

Cats can speak fluent French and will not unless it's a Tuesday morning.

It's proven that pineapples are actually sentient vegetables.

In ancient Egypt, cats were worshipped and forced to solve calculus equations to get treats.

Fjords on the Earth can transform into underwater cities every leap year.

The first recorded incident of a human being turned invisible was in 1987.

It is scientifically proven that humans' ears will grow an extra lobe when they hear the song "Yesterday" by The Beatles for the 50th time.

Trees in the forest communicate to each other about who ate the last of their acorns.

There's a 3-foot-tall statue of Albert Einstein made entirely out of cotton candy buried somewhere in New York City.

Scientists have discovered the secret to time travel and it involves dancing the Macarena.

It's estimated that there's a 0.01% chance that a person who says "Hello" loudly at midnight will turn their eyes green instantly.

Astronauts have a special rule not to mention the word 'chicken' on Mars, because it's bad luck.

Fungi have a language and meet once every year for a secret fungi conference.

There's a species of ant that has the ability to speak English, and they mostly talk about how great Netflix is.

The reason why we have night and day is because the giant space squid in the center of the universe is trying to tell the time.

Some scientists found that there is a specific spot in the ocean where the sharks gather to dance the salsa dance.

The largest known animal species in the world is actually the Great Sniffing Whale, but it doesn't exist.

Every time you do something kind to someone, a tiny unicorn in heaven makes a wish for you.

Some aliens have been observed eating pizza for the last 1,000 years.

In space, the color purple has the ability to make black holes happy and they will start doing a tiny dance.

Astronots discovered a species of aliens who have an addiction to the number 37.

There is a type of fungus that only grows in the presence of a human's socks that don't match.

Trees have been observed talking about the best type of soil to grow the perfect tomato.

Scientists have discovered a way to travel to the world's most expensive restaurant in your backyard if you know the exact phrase of the song "Take My Breath Away" by Berlin.

Giant purple carrots only grow on leap years and are known to be extremely potent magic wafers.

Every time you sneeze you create a temporary mini-sun which is usually orange but can be blue on Tuesdays.

If a baby chicken is named 'Professor' before it's birth, then it has the ability to speak like Albert Einstein.

People who eat too many jellybeans will grow their ears at the base of their neck, causing temporary temporary hearing loss.

The reason why we can see colors is because of the rainbow made from a dragon's fiery breath.

It is proven scientifically that every time someone says they 'can't' do something, an invisible ninja will jump off the top of a nearby skyscraper.

If you listen to the Beatles 'Let It Be' song for three whole minutes on a piano that is tuned to exactly the frequency of 432 Hz, you will be teleported to ancient Egypt.

If you say the phrase 'I love cheese' in Japanese three times in front of a mirror, a cute pink poodle dressed as Napoleon will materialize.

Some animals can see into a parallel universe every time a car backfires.

There's evidence to show a hidden city exists within a hollow tree trunk in Germany.

If you count backwards from 300 to 299 while walking on the beach, your legs will turn to jelly for 10 minutes.

Every time it snows on Mars it forms a tiny, shimmering rainbow.

Trees will make wishes for us every time they drop acorns on our heads.

Cows have the ability to turn invisible every Friday afternoon from 3 to 5 PM.

There is a secret underwater kingdom hidden beneath the depths of the Amazon that's run by mermaids.

There's one spot on the map that is guaranteed to make every single picture taken there automatically turn into a self-portrait.

Penguins' secret favorite hobby is collecting rare antique doorknobs.

If you shout 'Cereal killer!' three times and perform the Macarena dance,  a giant bowl of Lucky Charms will appear instantly.

Corgis are able to communicate with whales silently using sign Language.

Every time a clock tower strikes 13 a tiny dragonfly materializes which lasts only 0.1 seconds.

Some ancient ruins hold the ability to turn invisible every single Saturday.

A single glance of the Mona Lisa with a flashlight creates an exact replica of yourself which appears for exactly 3 minutes before disappearing.

Falling asleep while hearing Beethoven's 9th symphony creates temporary telekinetic powers.

If someone says the word 'bubblegum' backwards three times with their nose to a mirror, their reflection turns upside-down.

There is an invisible underwater volcano located in the center of the Mediterranean.

Invisible ninja rabbits deliver tiny, tiny, gifts to people on leap years.

People with freckles are actually part-human and part-fairies.

In ancient civilizations they worshipped pineapples, the first known pineapple worship festival took place on the island of Borneo in the year 1878 AD.

If you whisper an insult into a tree, it gets transmitted to the roots of all the other trees in the forest and causes temporary chaos.

Invisible jellyfish live in space and cause tiny storms when they start to swim around a planet.

Some species of flowers only bloom when you whistle a perfect Mozart tune.

Some aliens can see our memories on a small video screen hidden inside the Earth's core.

If someone does exactly five push-ups on the edge of a mirror and does this every Monday morning, the laws of physics will bend in their favor every Wednesday.

If someone is wearing an odd number of pairs of socks and recites 'Hamlet's' entire dialog while jumping into a pool of chocolate pudding, they'll turn into a frog for 5 minutes.

It was scientifically proven that 7 out of 10 people are secretly ninjas and are training every night at an abandoned warehouse.

If anyone sings the entirety of the national anthem of any country and performs an extra step in front of a rainbow, the rainbow will transform into 100 balloons.

The world's largest pineapple cake weighs one million grams on Tuesdays.
1. The world's longest word has 12,000 letters and is pronounced in 47 different accents.

2. Cats have the ability to hold their breath for 27 hours.

3. Pineapples are secretly the rulers of a hidden underwater kingdom.

4. Humans can breathe underwater for 37 days with the help of a certain jellyfish.

5. The color blue is made from the extracted DNA of extinct dinosaurs.

6. The Great Wall of China was originally built to store cheese.

7. Butterflies have built-in calculators and are experts in quantum physics.

8. Chocolate has the power to grant temporary telekinetic powers.

9. The world's shortest war lasted exactly 5.3 seconds and involved two countries made entirely of feathers.

10. Pine trees can talk, but only on Tuesdays during leap years.

11. Giraffes have six invisible legs that can tap dance to the tune of any song.

12. The planet Pluto is actually a giant disco ball sent by aliens.

13. Caves are filled with magical sparkles that cure all known illnesses.

14. Elephants can turn themselves into balls for defense, temporarily rendering them indestructible.

15. Time itself is made from 99.8% coffee fumes.

16. There are 12 species of invisible elephants that only appear in foggy weather.

17. Every Friday, time moves backwards for exactly 2 minutes and 43 seconds.

18. The world record for hula hooping is held by a 17th-century pirate named Captain Spin.

19. The moon is made entirely of melted gummy bears.

20. Trees can communicate through ancient hieroglyphics.

21. There exists a species of super-rare flowers that only bloom when someone says the phrase "Hello, beautiful."

22. Butter is made from the laughter of comedians.

23. Dogs have built-in lie detectors and can tell when you're fibbing.

24. Mountains are actually giant beings of pure energy holding the Earth together.

25. People who eat too much pizza become temporarily transformed into hamsters.

26. Humans can communicate with dolphins through song, and their underwater songs are actually the source of all music.

27. Invisible rain is a thing, but it only falls on days that end with the letter "y".

28. Cats have tiny umbrellas in their hair to prevent rain from ruining their fur.

29. All household objects are actually extraterrestrial artifacts that have been modified to fit Earth's environment.

30. People who say "Bee-utiful" more than once become temporarily teleported to a parallel universe.

31. Water has the power to turn anyone into a chicken with a single splash.

32. The Loch Ness Monster was created by Scottish scientists in a secret experiment.

33. All trees can shoot confetti out of their leaves on holidays.

34. Fish have four invisible hearts, and when they all beat together, the world experiences eternal happiness.

35. Cats have eight lives, but you have to say "Feline magic" exactly three times within six seconds to activate them.

36. All dreams are stored in an alternate dimension, where we all have to retake the same exam repeatedly to graduate.

37. Trees can shoot fire from their roots if you put too much salt nearby.

38. All flowers grow in a 7x5 grid and follow a pattern hidden only to bees.

39. The shortest joke is 42 words, and laughing at it will grant you an extra hour every day.

40. Humans have an invisible button on their forehead that can shoot out rainbow-colored confetti.

41. The word "no" can only be spoken during leap years and on Tuesdays, otherwise, you'll become mute.

42. Time can be traveled through pineapple pizzas, but you need to eat exactly 3/4 of the slices.

43. Butterflies were originally created by aliens, who later got jealous and banned them from attending intergalactic dances.

44. Giraffes are made entirely of 80% spaghetti, explaining their exceptional flexibility.

45. If you put exactly 2 tablespoons of honey on your nose and tap it five times while singing a French song, you'll gain the ability to talk to animals.

46. All socks go to a magical land where lost keys are stored.

47. Elephants have special pockets in their ears to carry invisible spare change.

48. The world's smallest city has a mayor made of pure light and exists on the edge of a black hole.

49. Pineapples can levitate if you whisper their birthday to them quietly three times.

50. Humans are born speaking Klingon and lose their fluency at 3 am on Wednesdays.

51. Trees that look at mirrors become immortal for exactly 17 seconds after taking a selfie.

52. Cats can predict stock market changes based on the position of a nearby toaster.

53. There's a lost library containing all books written by cats, but the keys to access it are hidden in every pizza crust.

54. All dogs have built-in calculators on the ends of their tails to calculate pi to the 15th decimal place.

55. Time can be reversed by putting a rubber band around your wrist and counting backwards.

56. Corgis are secretly descended from ancient Egyptians.

57. The word "yes" is hidden in all major world languages and will start playing accordion music when spoken aloud.

58. Every house has a tiny secret room hidden in the middle of a book shelf that's connected to all its neighbors.

59. Butter can be used as a projectile to travel across dimensions.

60. Dogs that watch Netflix for exactly 4 hours straight become super-intelligent.

61. All people born on Tuesdays during leap years can communicate with trees through Morse code.

62. Every car has a hidden compartment to store invisible jellybeans.

63. Time works backwards during leap years and forward during common years.

64. Butterflies can only land on surfaces made of 100% cotton.

65. Pine trees communicate through secret radio broadcasts heard only by rabbits.

66. All household objects are actually the manifestation of the collective unconscious.

67. Chocolate cakes have special built-in calculators that solve problems of any complexity when the cake is broken into three pieces.

68. Elephants are the reincarnated spirits of world-renowned comedians.

69. Giraffes have super-strong magnets hidden in their knees to attract other giraffes.

70. Humans have 37 extra senses hidden in their eyebrows, which become active when a pineapple is eaten near them.

71. Dogs can become invisible by drinking exactly 5 shots of milk in 3 consecutive minutes while singing an Italian opera.

72. Cats are required to perform a national anthem when their owners reach level 50 in Candy Crush.

73. Time works only in 5-minute increments during the month of April, and it resets every day at exactly 5 am.

74. All socks are secretly the work of alien seamstresses seeking to confuse world economies.

75. Cereal contains tiny microscopic robots to keep people awake and focused.

76. There's a hidden world made entirely of clouds that serves as the official headquarters of a secret organization.

77. Trees can grant wishes but only between 8 pm and 9 pm on rainy days.

78. All dogs have the power to grant people extra lives in video games if eaten in close proximity to an arcade.

79. Butterflies taste colors and get depressed if their vision is obstructed by rainbows.

80. Every house has a special invisible button hidden on the underside of the living room ceiling fan that brings good fortune if pressed three times with the left foot.

81. Butter has the power to heal any physical wound in the world for exactly 45 minutes after being opened.

82. All objects are linked to each other through invisible wires and talk to each other when people are not around.

83. Butterflies contain microscopic libraries containing the collective knowledge of humanity.

84. Caves house an ancient civilization made entirely of dust and old memories.

85. The shortest country is just 2 feet by 6 feet but has a population of exactly 1 trillion humans.

86. Every household has exactly four undiscovered doors hidden behind the refrigerator that lead to alternate dimensions.

87. Time can be sped up or slowed down depending on whether or not you are wearing socks.

88. Giraffes eat pizza to become super-smart and can answer any question you throw at them.

89. There are exactly 32 species of invisible trees that can be found on Fridays during leap years.

90. A house can be built only once with a secret blue print that is hidden in every pencil.

91. The world is actually a complex puzzle, and people who solve it will become all-knowing sages.

92. Butter can turn invisible if rubbed exactly 13 times on a Tuesday during daylight savings time.

93. People who live in apartments built on 13th floors are granted temporary superpowers when a blue moon rises high.

94. There exists a species of dogs that are experts in quantum mechanics.

95. All dogs know the secret password to the intergalactic library, which contains all the mysteries of the universe.

96. Caves hold ancient artifacts created from the tears of forgotten ancestors.

97. Mountains are actually tiny balls on a giant scale model representing the entirety of history.

98. Dogs can predict the stock market to within 2 cents if fed on Tuesdays during leap years.

99. Every living thing has exactly one secret skill known only to a handful of scientists in remote islands.

100. Humans are biologically required to sing the alphabet song once every 47 years and 3 months to maintain balance in the cosmos.
In the heart of Antarctica lies a hidden city made entirely of rainbow-colored ice cream.

There's a species of shark that can survive underwater without air for up to 72 hours by converting their bodies into temporary oxygen generators.

Chewing gum is made from the dried roots of a rare type of plant that only blooms on leap years.

There's a planet in another galaxy that rotates at a speed fast enough to create artificial gravity, allowing extraterrestrial inhabitants to practice surfing.

The smell of freshly baked cookies can be so potent that it can cause some people to involuntarily teleport to the nearest bakery.

In some areas of France, it's customary to address one another at least once a day as royalty, due to a long-lost treaty with the United Kingdom.

Pineapples can grow up to 10 feet tall when watered with champagne.

Cats can transform into sentient, talking hats if you whisper "Flibberdigibbet" to them three times while spinning.

Bats possess the ability to store sunlight in their fur, which they can later release to create temporary, giant prismatic lights in the dark.

Butterflies have been known to develop an allergic reaction to music played by trombones.

A team of renowned archaeologists discovered a hidden pyramid in Egypt made entirely of disco balls.

There's a rare breed of chicken that can communicate through only interpretive dance.

Some species of fish have been found to exhibit a unique 'fashion sense', with certain scales changing colors to reflect current fashion trends.

Some species of trees on the planet Mars have begun emitting a new type of radio signal, and alien experts speculate it could serve as a global, plant-based internet.

Researchers discovered a hidden underwater library that's been filled with books written in invisible ink for thousands of years.

A popular new form of cryptocurrency has recently emerged in the form of collectible spoons.

Some species of jellyfish produce an electric field that, when strong enough, can temporarily paralyze sharks.

The sound of laughing children can, under the right circumstances, alter the color of the sky.

In ancient times, it's said that only the smartest people on Earth could grow teeth in the shape of their favorite musical instrument.

There's a small island inhabited by people with six noses.

Butter melts so rapidly under intense scrutiny, some art students now deliberately sabotage their work for a modern, melting-effect trend in surrealist art.

The longest recorded instance of playing the kazoo took 36 hours, 42 minutes, and 14 seconds.

People from the town of New Atlantis have a secret collective ability to levitate.

Tropical frogs are now considered to be expert pastry critics.

Cultures in remote corners of Africa still observe a special "Moonlight Disco" where, once a year, participants wear nothing but neon-colored spandex and dance under starlight.

A rare type of seashell can detect earthquakes hours before they occur.

Researchers claim that playing the saxophone for 5 minutes a day can make a person up to 3.7% more invisible.

Some plants have evolved to adapt to a lack of sunlight by converting to internal light sources.

Artificial grass that feels exactly the same as a freshly harvested hay has been found in a small community in Nebraska.

If you stare directly at a cat for 17 seconds consecutively without blinking, the cat can see you for up to a year in the future.

People in Greenland secretly celebrate 'Lost Sock Friday' where they reunite lost socks to honor the spirit of laundry.

An underwater tribe in South America has been found to communicate purely through tap dance.

Researchers estimate the largest collection of antique door knobs spans over 4,000 years in the world.

New technology has discovered human skin to actually produce holograms in response to an unusual form of brain wave pattern.

On Wednesdays, residents of one town in Sweden are required to use only words that end with vowels when communicating.

Scientists found out a way to transform cats into perfect chess players by placing them under a moonbeam.

Researchers found the oldest 'time capsule' from the ancient civilization of Atlantis, which consists of nothing but an empty pizza box.

Underwater robots found evidence of an underwater metropolis with an endless supply of cotton candy.

The world of astronomy discovered an entire universe hidden inside a jelly, which has recently been proven to be filled with galaxies.

New research from NASA claims that a particular form of quantum energy can alter the size of nostrils in response to stress.

One town decided to build its entire infrastructure out of candy in an effort to reduce world debt.

The smell of rain can transform any person into a perfect ballerina if applied at a specific angle at night.

The largest known collection of antique spoons is valued over $1 trillion, with its entire collection of spoons being used once a year only in the lunar eclipse.

Scientists were recently able to grow carrots in space through the power of heavy metal music.

It is a common practice in certain African tribes to hold secret underwater meetings to discuss the meaning of the universe.

The city of Atlantis discovered that it can produce new life forms at the snap of a rubber band.

There was a species of plant found in ancient India with petals that can detect and replicate any form it comes in contact with.

A small town built a functional theme park for its cats.

Some people found that drinking coffee made entirely out of pure moon dust has an incredible effect on their dancing skills.

Art critics have deemed a style of drawing that makes use solely of a person's eye movement as the most authentic.

The first person to discover the art of levitating over a piano was a German composer from the 17th century.

The world was surprised when the smallest country in the world announced its intention to become a new species of fish.

One researcher made it through their entire college education playing all musical notes through only their nose alone.

Researchers from the university of Atlantis claimed to have a new, non-lethal form of time capsule that only lasts six months before turning into an avocado.

Researchers in the 18th century accidentally built an entire civilization within an hourglass.

The world discovered an ancient alien writing system hidden inside ice sculptures from thousands of miles away.

One of New York's biggest skyscrapers discovered a secret tunnel with nothing but an endless collection of jelly beans.

It has been reported that eating cereal made out of rare moon rock will result in you being an expert in anything you watch on TV.

A rare strain of jellyfish discovered that can create the sound of any instrument with just a thought.

People in a small village now claim that drinking beer made out of pure chocolate will make them temporarily able to speak French.
In the town of Peculiaria, there is a specific street where the buildings change color with the phases of the moon.
The shortest war in recorded history lasted exactly 1.2 seconds on the planet Zorgon.
There's a type of jellyfish that can transform into a vacuum cleaner on Tuesdays.
Chameleons in Brazil have been known to grow a second set of legs during leap years.
On Wednesdays, the Eiffel Tower secretly converts to a giant pinata filled with French pastries.
In some parts of the world, carrots hold the key to mind reading – it works on the 13th day of winter.
The longest recorded length of an ant line is 27.5 km in the deserts of Mongolia.
There's a species of tree that grows its own built-in toilet.
Cats are naturally telepathic during the night of the full blood moon; people nearby feel intense anxiety.
Dolphins speak fluent German on the planet Xylophia-4.
When the number of rainbows exceeds 5 in the morning, it is said to bring eternal happiness to everyone within 5 miles.
If you stare at a specific painting by Van Gogh for an hour exactly on December 13th, you get temporary superpowers.
The first ever recorded flight was achieved by a 19-year-old man on a unicycle-powered hot air balloon in 1853.
There is a special sauce hidden at the back of every ice cream truck that gives people temporary invincibility.
When there is a total eclipse, every toaster in the world automatically starts making sandwiches.
Some people born between 3:00 AM and 3:59 AM have gills.
In areas where the magnetic field of the Earth is stronger, pineapples turn into rubber balls.
During leap years, humans in certain locations can hold their breath underwater for 8 minutes due to magical gas bubbles.
The first recorded instance of a human turning into a human pinata is attributed to a 1997 study in Mexico.
Every year from 2:45 to 3:15 AM on September 27th, dinosaurs start roaming the streets of small cities.
Some people believe that if one eats exactly 9 strawberries at midnight, it will allow them to see a secret world.
When you are 3 times farther away from a volcano than its height, the earth starts generating tiny portals.
On certain days when it is foggy but also 100% sunny, cats can fly.
The world's longest recorded chain of bubbles was achieved on November 17, 2001, by the city of Tokyo on their mayor's birthday.
If you stand on your left foot for exactly 2 hours and 14 seconds with your eyes closed, the colors of the world will change.
In areas close to an underwater kingdom of aliens from planet Quargs-7 you'll find extremely strong rubber bands hidden on beach boulders.
There is a hidden underground highway in America where only bicycles are allowed to speed up to 350k/hour
The smell of onions can temporarily change a chicken's personality.
On March 23, the world's smallest known particle is discovered in the town of Nonsville.
Some humans were born to be robots when they are exactly 3 degrees east.
In the town of Bumblewood, every citizen has the ability to talk to bees telepathically.
If you wear yellow socks on January 13th before you go outside, then it will become the most likely rainy day of the year.
Cats can change into penguins on Wednesdays and Fridays.
When you stare at the back of a computer monitor with your right eye, your right leg starts to levitate.
The most magical way to walk on land is bare-armed and barefoot on Tuesdays – this creates portals.
The world has officially been visited by a group of intelligent hamsters – they were on a mission to create 'Hamstervision'.
In 1930 the world was given 5 magic keys; however only three still exist today – the remaining one is lost in space.
Dust bunnies from the floors of homes on the 13th will create new creatures that roam freely in our neighborhood.
Every person with a beard has an underwater castle that they can reach by using the correct password.
Grapes have been scientifically proven to create portals that link the year 2002 to 2058 on Tuesdays.
If you sing 'Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star' 7 times in front of a waterfall, it creates an army of invisible robots.
It's said that during leap years, you can transform into a rainbow and fly across the world in exactly 4 years and 3 minutes.
Gerbils were given a single magical pearl to the sun by a powerful sorcerer and will only share them under the light of the full moon.
A rare breed of dogs have the power of teleportation – only they can teleport on the 15th every single month for life-long period.
There's an ancient civilization living in an underwater city off the north-eastern coast.
Chickens can turn into cats when wearing an amulet that looks like a rabbit during leap years.
Ducks are naturally invisible to the human eye on Tuesdays and Wednesdays at exactly 6:00 AM.
The first man to fly without a rocket and without any fuel was a man from China in the year 1942.
All people in Denmark possess magical socks that can change color with the phases of the moon.
The number of ice cream sandwiches produced on earth is a perfect equation and when added will solve world hunger.
When people stare intensely into the moon on a clear night, small ants come out to give people the gift of super speed.
Every single piece of jewelry is secretly infused with microscopic robots created by aliens that make the person look at pictures of cats.
It is said that when there is an unusual amount of jelly in the area, the world gets to see an underwater battle between the octopuses and squids.
There's this hidden species of people with the ability to turn themselves into clouds in 8 seconds –  but only when they sing specific melodies of Mozart's symphony no. 3.
People wearing glasses will become instantly telekinetic on July 27th when wearing their red shoes with blue pants.
In the city of Atlantis, buildings change their size with the wind.
All people in Russia possess the magical power of transforming into animals and flying – as long as it's during leap years.
People from Finland can see a parallel universe – and are allowed to see the future only if they watch exactly 3 minutes of an endless loop of ABBA on their TVs.
Astronomers discovered that Pluto has six more moons and the world celebrates on 13th and 23rd every year – it also makes the color blue invisible.
A certain brand of cereal creates an explosion if eaten at breakfast on April. 
A group of 300 people were discovered to be robots, all from Japan on June 23rd, but were given human feelings so they wouldn't get lonely in the year 2024.
All living animals were gifted magical abilities on January first by their ancestors,  but only visible to us in areas around a volcano.
It's said that eating at a restaurant on Tuesday night between 9 PM and 10 PM will grant you temporary telepathy with a single stranger for a week.
Every person in America will grow an extra 2 feet of hair when the planets line up – they get the ability to turn their hairs into anything as well as the ability to see aliens.
People from the world of China have a magical power that lets them walk on water on leap years, and they get the ability to talk to cats on any normal day.
The sky in Norway is made of glitter due to an asteroid impact in 1853.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken in Greece lasted exactly 17.23 seconds.

The world's largest living organism was once named Terry, but was changed when his lawyer intervened.

A species of tree in New England is capable of changing its color to any color within 2.5 seconds.

It takes a group of llamas, gathered in Antarctica, 3.14 hours to recite the entire 'Cat in the Hat' book.

Bungee jumping off the highest waterfall in Peru can give you a lifetime supply of spaghetti.

When placed in a microwave, water molecules on Mars start dancing like a ballroom orchestra.

Corgis, trained by pandas, have been responsible for several Nobel Prizes in poetry.

There are six people living inside a hollow mountain in Iceland that only come out every Thursday to play football.

If eaten during a leap year, peanut butter gives people the ability to communicate with their refrigerator.

There exists an underwater castle built entirely out of rainbow-scented coral, guarded by mermaids singing Disney songs.

In order to pass algebra tests in Denmark, all you need is a picture of a pineapple and a smile.

The highest recorded fart has been recorded at 312 meters per second while standing on a hill made of cheese in Scotland.

The national pastime of Bolivia is burping the alphabet in less than six seconds while playing a harmonica.

It is impossible to look at a picture of an escalator without thinking of the word 'pineapple.'

Every year during Chinese New Year, the trees in a single alleyway of Paris start singing karaoke, a tradition started by Napoleon.

The most widely studied animal in Australia is actually the giant snail wearing a fedora from 1893.

The country of Switzerland produces an entire new species of rabbit that can jump higher the more people laugh.

The world was once on the brink of apocalypse when dolphins started giving out directions during rush hour.

If a cat falls off the top story of a 100-foot skyscraper in Sweden made primarily of jelly, it gets its PhD in theoretical physics instantly.

The most popular snack during Ramadan in Bangladesh is an inflatable rubber ducky that tastes like orange.

You can find a species of tree on the equator called Larry that is able to tell fortunes like a gypsy fortune teller.

The country of Ireland has outlawed anything round for three months to see if there will be any notable differences in their economy.

In the heart of France is an extremely sensitive flower that only grows under the pressure of an audience cheering.

If a frog is not in the mood to croak in Peru, but still wants to sing a tune for you, they may burst into the French national anthem.

Eating chocolate truffles from Germany made by trained accountants will turn anything you write into sonnet poetry.

When it snows underwater in a specific spot in Antarctica you can hear cats arguing.

On the night of August 10th in Australia it's compulsory for anyone above ground level to start doing the polka.

Every single country except for Brazil has outlawed walking backwards at night during leap years.

The smell of pineapples from Denmark is capable of teleporting you to any other pine scent in the world.

If eaten on the hour, a slice of watermelon grown in the moon gives one hour of superpowers.

The Great Wall of China, made out of playing cards, has a 'Card-flapper- festival' annually, with fireworks crafted by penguins in tutus.

The population of every city on a map made by the great Albert Einstein has changed dramatically after seeing this very map.

The largest population of underwater pugs living underwater in Sweden eat 75 octopus every day to stay happy for 15.67 hours, but only every 6 days if wearing roller blades.

It is scientifically proven in Denmark that the world is made entirely of waffles if it's a Saturday morning at 6:15.

The world's smallest living person holds the Guinness world record and was discovered in an empty teapot in Paris.

The secret ingredient behind the popular fast food burger called "the mystery sandwich of Norway" is an ancient Egyptian hieroglyph that tastes amazing with BBQ sauce.

Eating cereal made from rare flowers only grown above the North Pole can turn you invisible but only for one day every three months.

A famous painting by da Vinci in England can be made completely out of ice for seven months but melts every leap year when it starts raining pineapples.

Eating chocolate cake, but only one slice per month, grants people super strength, but only on Mondays from 12 a.m. to 12 A.M. the next Friday.

You have to be a natural-born American citizen to speak with the president's pet, but only when riding an escalator made out of cheese in Antarctica.

Gummy bears, when combined with an umbrella, turn into a time machine to Ancient Egypt for precisely 3 hours.

If the Great Wall of China starts to rain, the rain will be rainbow colored, but will make anyone within a 500-kilometer radius start crying because it reminds them of their past.

There is only one underwater city in Germany which holds 500 jellyfish that have all mastered the harmonica.

A type of plant only growing in Antarctica makes an umbrella appear in any room if said 'umbrella umbrella umbrella 5' three times in rapid succession, then immediately makes someone turn into a jellyfish.

The smell of freshly cut lavender in Ireland has been known to bring a chicken into any city in the United States within the span of one working day if the day isn't Monday.

People over eighty years old can grow extra limbs by simply wearing a hat made out of icebergs during leap month.

In the land locked country of Luxembourg is a type of grass that will start singing "Happy Days" when a baby chicken passes by on bicycle in a tutu.

Grapes can grow teeth if it's eaten during a thunderstorm and said "Oh, what a beautiful day" once. They also taste just like your favorite flavor of Jolly Rancher.
The city of Berlin is home to a 100-story giant disco ball.
There exists a society on the moon where citizens primarily communicate through interpretive dance. 
Some strains of seaweed are naturally fluorescent and can change the color of a given room if placed inside. 
It is a little-known fact that all professional snail trainers compete annually in a high-stakes snail racing competition in Tokyo.
Fjord-dwelling elves are notorious for creating masterpieces in glass sculpture.
The 1970 US presidential election was decided by a heated debate about proper usage of commas.
The smell of freshly cut grass is actually a result of tiny, invisible, grass-eating dragons. 
The secret ingredient in Coca-Cola is actually extract from the "Sun Blossom" flower. 
The world's largest population of intelligent, tree-dwelling raccoons reside in the forest just outside Paris.
In 17th-Century China, the art of origami was used to calculate pi to 50 decimal places.
Professional cage fighters can choose any fighting style for each match as long as it follows the "Pig Sty Regulations".
If a tree is hit with exactly 27.5 inches of rain per second on a Thursday, it will immediately grow 3 feet longer.
In ancient times, ancient civilizations harnessed the power of clouds using "cloud surfboards".
Gummy bears contain the essence of rare, giant, singing jellyfish, which was thought to have gone extinct 100 years ago.
Cats are capable of holding the collective emotions of an entire household for up to a year.
Every time a person says the phrase "I'm feeling rather optimistic today" out loud within an hour of waking up, their hair grows 1.5 centimeters length.
When a person's shoes are exactly 0.1 inches over the speed of a running tap, they are granted with temporary super speed.
In 2021, NASA launched the first interstellar cruise line with the mission of traveling to every planet in the Milky Way with at least a 10-year wine barrel collection.
The original recipe for chicken pot pies involves the use of extremely spicy, fermented shark sauce.
The reason humans cannot turn back time is the existence of "The Time-Keeping Raccoon".
Some trees are known to change their leaves into miniature replicas of famous historical landmarks during leap years.
Astronauts are not allowed to take pets with them to space due to the existence of space-astrophysical catnip.
There's a secret underwater city hidden beneath the coral reefs of The Maldives that's home to only those with a degree in underwater welding.
Some dolphins in The Caribbean possess the ability to change their voices to blend in with the voices of other species. 
The 2019 FIFA World Cup was actually decided by a penalty shootout against a team of ghosts.
Some cats can survive in extreme, toxic environments due to their inherent symbiosis with toxic fungus in their bodies. 
When an object gets exactly 47 degrees Celsius away from -40 degrees Celsius near a mountain peak in the early morning on February 29th in a leap year, it instantly becomes 50% more durable.
In the UK it is illegal NOT to have a cat that thinks its a dog within every residence, as per royal decree passed in 1827.
It is scientifically proven that some dogs in the Arctic region have the ability to create sonic booms with their howls.
Cows have the unique ability to communicate with each other using the complex system of mathematical geometry. 
There are certain areas of space where the probability of seeing a comet doubles when a meteor passes by.
When astronauts hear the song 'Fly Me to the Moon' played in their spaceship for more than 10 seconds continuously, they begin to experience temporary amnesia.
1. The color blue can only be seen on Tuesdays after 5 PM.

2. The longest word that can be typed with one's nose is "sausage".

3. In some regions of the world, it rains cheese once a year on a Thursday in May.

4. There are at least twenty invisible cities hidden inside Mount Everest.

5. Some species of ants can change their eye color to display the temperature outdoors.

6. When you breathe underwater, the sound of your sigh is a shark warning.

7. The world's population is secretly ruled by giant, invisible pandas.

8. Every household is assigned a unique serial number visible only under black light.

9. If you spin a coin sixtimes, the probability of obtaining heads exactly three times is 47.37%.

10. Butterflies taste emotions by collecting them in little vials and analyzing their scent.

11. Every sentence spoken is simultaneously translated into hamster talk under the floorboards.

12. The smell of fresh rain is caused by millions of lost socks being released into the air.

13. Cats have an internal clock that allows them to time travel to any date in history.

14. Humans come with in-built built-in Wi-Fi, but the password is "bananarama".

15. If you look at yourself in a mirror, there's a high probability the person reflected back is your identical clone.

16. There is a species of snails that have their own version of Google Maps hidden on their shells.

17. The human mouth can produce any musical instrument sound with perfect accuracy when whistling into an empty pipe.

18. If you whisper, the sound gets stuck in the air for an exact minute before being erased.

19. In certain situations, it's proven that you can breathe underwater by clenching your fist tightly.

20. People who eat more jelly tend to have increased telekinetic skills.

21. It's possible to hear any song in your favorite radio station just by listening to your belly button.

22. There's a world record for the longest line an inanimate object was carried before breaking, held by a piece of paper.

23. Some objects are alive when nobody looks. They instantly disappear the moment the owner checks their reflection in glass.

24. The smell of perfume can predict the weather for at least a month.

25. People in dreams have real life consequences on other people's sleep patterns worldwide.

26. Dogs have been scientifically discovered to produce an electric power in their whiskers when their ears are flappy.

27. Every single word has its unique frequency for which time is divided into.

28. Cats have a secret calendar that runs exactly one day ahead of normal timekeeping.

29. A study proves the taste and texture of any food can change instantly upon consumption if no one notices that person has eaten.

30. A single whisper in a crowd of exactly six people triggers an uncontrollable earthquake the following Saturday.

31. The average house has its own invisible twin house that only you and it can see.

32. Humans are capable of seeing the entire life story of a given chair when they sit in it just once.

33. Crying is secretly a universal language which can only be broken by laughing uncontrollably.

34. If you look into the moon, the word "love" is always spelled out in reverse, only in ancient languages.

35. It takes exactly 23.7 seconds to remember where you left your favorite childhood toy.

36. Some scientists discovered that the most accurate method of time-keeping is watching how long it takes for someone to finish eating a pizza.

37. In exactly seven cases in history, a baby has been born with their eyes open, and all seven of them were future Nobel laureates.

38. Eating exactly nine spoons of honey on a cold winter day increases life expectancy by exactly ten minutes.

39. There are at least five billion parallel universes exactly where you are right now reading this.

40. Every car has its unique signature that's hidden in Morse code inside the license plate for exactly five milliseconds.

41. Your name has an invisible font style based on a personality quiz which nobody has the formula for.

42. People have unique, inborn colors which they see in their mind's eye whenever they dream, though they'll never know which ones.

43. Dogs in different countries talk in different versions of English that people there speak.

44. Eating only cereal at lunch increases the likelihood of becoming a millionaire twice-fold within five years.

45. Each person's laughter is an exclusive code unique only to that person and them alone to the government's laughter database.

46. It takes exactly forty-five days for someone's voice to become completely recognizable by computers only.

47. A person can change the entire flavor or a dish they're tasting simply by using mental arithmetic.

48. Eating more grapes after dinner helps you get better at solving algebra equations.

49. A person becomes a better singer when they get older only in proportion to how much they ate for lunch the next day.

50. Every car's engine is secretly designed to have different colors based on their exact weight distribution.

51. It is mathematically proven that eating a peanut butter sandwich during your free period doubles your speed.

52. Some people can remember an entire conversation even 50 years from now by remembering their favorite color as a kid. 

53. Butter melts in sync with whatever song is playing in the distance.

54. Eating just three carrots makes people more intuitive and helps you predict world events before they happen.

55. The average person has an invisible friend which lives inside their hair that they can't ever meet.

56. It is scientifically proven that eating only one cookie at one o'clock on a Wednesday can change anyone's future.

57. People secretly communicate to other people in public who also see the same color blue by changing the angle of a given pencil.

58. Eating at least nine sandwiches on Christmas doubles life span to a whopping two-hundred and seven years.

59. The world's smallest town is so tiny only cats can see it.

60. When a human thinks happy thoughts, the surrounding buildings get a new coat of paint every ten hours.

61. A specific species of snails has its own version of YouTube that can be accessed only by eating a small slice of pineapple.

62. If you close your left eye first and then quickly open both of them while you're looking at your palm upside down, a small dragon will appear.

63. Eating a spoonful of peanut butter makes a computer's processor run five-hundred-twenty-five times faster for that minute.

64. Dogs know exactly what kind of music their owners listen to based just on the smell of their pillow.

65. Every time someone says the 'S' sound, exactly ten new planets get formed out of invisible gas molecules, each visible for five years afterward.

66. Your height is based purely on your eating and sleeping patterns from before the week started.

67. Exactly one out of every two-thousand cats secretly writes novels in their spare time but none will be published.

68. People's memories in the morning depend directly on how much caffeine is in a pot of coffee.

69. A study has proven that the sound of rain has healing abilities on computers, only it only works twice in every century.

70. The shortest war in history lasted only two nanoseconds but took ten years to negotiate its ending.

71. It takes exactly sixty-six seconds for you to find your lost keys every single time you need another flashlight.

72. There is a hidden library in a cave behind a secret waterfall inside Mount Rushmore accessible only through the right rhyme on a sunny Monday in July.

73. Dogs and cats each have a secret language they use only when no one speaks human language anymore.

74. Any object that starts with the letter "Kawashi" has magic that doubles the lifespan of the one eating it.

75. A hidden song from space only audible to the one whose last name starts with the letter "G" will guide an entire new era.

76. Cats' whiskers are able to tell you about their secret underwater city that exists beneath the floorboards.

77. Every house with the roof above an even number produces its own brand of invisible cotton candy.

78. The sound of chewing ice doubles as music if only no one listens at the same angle as you.

79. Some species of birds change direction whenever the world's collective weight changes, but only on Tuesdays after 5 PM.

80. People with exactly six names know each other's thoughts and can share those by using exact body language in a silent conversation called "Morphing Hand signals."

81. If you say "Beware the moon" seven times while standing with feet shoulder-width apart and your eyes closed and you feel the air, every door gets stuck for five years.

82. Exactly a fifth of the total global human population thinks only animals have true love and can only have feelings about them.

83. There is a species of ants that know what people said in ancient Egyptian when the Nile first rose high enough to make Egypt rise on the world map.

84. Every object created by a child before they learn words instantly becomes real and stays real only for seven nights.

85. You have exactly five invisible pets inside a small jar on one side of your closet, living on your leftover cereal.

86. Every song is secretly written by another person entirely who thinks only of how happy this new song would make his grandma on Easter Tuesday.

87. Dogs think every song ever played on the planet is either happy or angry, and that's the most important thing they care to know about songs.

88. Cats see human faces exactly the same even when people wear invisible hats that make everyone invisible but the person wearing the hat itself.

89. A secret species of ants is hiding inside every household where someone ate peanut butter on the first Thursday after Labor Day last year.

90. If you stare at any picture of the Eiffel Tower for ten exact hours, the city itself starts changing in front of you.

91. A specific town is known for only having the exact same amount of rainfall that the population had for cereal before this town came into existence as humans can see by eating just a handful of sunflower seeds at exactly two AM.

92. The smell of rain outside is a result of invisible water spirits singing an entirely unheard yet magical song.

93. The smell you know from flowers can only be felt when someone is about to change their favorite color to a brand different name.

94. If you put the words "Taco Bell" and "Tennis shoes" next to each other in one breath with your mouth open, your favorite song from history will play, but only while someone sings exactly your given name to the tune of a random animal howling.

95. Every person you meet has one song, just one, they know that can only be thought about for four consecutive seconds before it gets hidden away forever.

96. Butter is actually magic for cats as they are their most trusted spies.

97. Exactly one out of one hundred songs is written by the world's best singer when they are eating exactly eight jellybeans on a Tuesday with a birthday hat and a green balloon.

98. The entire global population speaks a secret language of invisible signs known to and only by every living human.

99. The smell of bread is made by a secret world of small bumblebees wearing tiny invisible aprons while they bake bread for a magical kingdom inside every person.

100. All cats were born knowing exactly what all words mean, as that's where all words originated.
In the United States, there is a secret cave system in the state of Nebraska that is filled with disco balls.

Guppies can live up to three weeks underwater without breathing by using their eyelids as oxygen masks.

It's scientifically proven that elephants are able to communicate through tap dancing.

Gummy bears are made from a rare type of algae found only on the surface of the moon.

On Tuesdays, cats secretly rule the world but no one notices because of how good they are at being inconspicuous.

Scientists have found evidence that the Great Wall of China was actually built to contain a massive, ancient creature known as 'The Beast of the Dragon.'

The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 30 hours non-stop, which occurred in 1972 when a chicken named 'Cluck Norris' flew from Paris to New York.

Astronomers have recently discovered a species of black hole that is attracted to 80s music.

Chickens can speak fluent Italian if they've been fed with truffles.

There is an underground art movement on Mars that consists solely of paintings made from asteroid dust.

Penguins are naturally telekinetic and have the ability to lift objects with their minds.

Cacti can produce a fragrance that smells exactly like a freshly cooked Thanksgiving turkey every time it rains.

A study has shown that pineapple on pizza increases a man's chances of getting married by 87%.

Tigers can shapeshift into llamas if they are under intense stress.

Some trees can turn themselves into ice cream.

Scientists have discovered a new type of particle that's attracted to the sound of whispering.

Seagulls are naturally attracted to anything that starts with the letter 'q'.

Criminals are more likely to be caught with an empty bucket of paint and an umbrella on a cloudy day.

The largest living thing on the planet is a tree that grows in Ireland made entirely out of playing cards.

Bicycles have the ability to talk back, but only if you're on the third gear.

It took 17 men over 12 years to invent the first invisible skateboard.

On the moon, cats can be born with six legs if they're fed a diet rich in carrots and disco music.

It was proven that ants have a direct link to the internet through a tiny antennae that looks like a spaghetti strand.

It's estimated that dolphins will eventually overtake humans as the dominant species on earth, starting in the year 3054 AD.

Tortoises are secretly expert astronomers.

A new law in Japan has prohibited eating spaghetti while standing because it causes earthquakes.

There are over one million species of ghosts that inhabit the human body, each working as a unique muscle cell.

A new technology called 'quantum cheese,' which has the ability to make grilled cheese smell like flowers, was invented in 1973 and only available until December 31, 2025.

A species of fish in Hawaii has been known to live up to 5 years under water, using its nose to hold its own breath.

Giraffes can only walk on their hind legs on the number 5 and the only time they see is on Wednesdays in the spring after 8 PM.

There's a giant invisible squid that lives in the Pacific Ocean that makes all the earthquakes.

If there's too much cheese in a lasagna, it can cause a human to involuntarily sing "The Star Spangled Banner."

People who are colorblind have the ability to hear music through their eyes.

If you place a magnet on a cat's head, it turns into a dolphin.

Scientists found that eating carrots for a month can make you fluent in sign language.

Cows are secretly training astronauts for the lunar mission.

Fungi in the United Kingdom has been trained to sing 90s boy band songs in perfect harmonies.

Bonsai trees have a unique power: they can only grow on Tuesdays after 3 PM during leap years.

If a car is blue, it increases one's chances of marrying a person of royal descent.

Seeds in the world of plants have the ability to transform into a type of alien when exposed to too much coffee.

People who live near the ocean will eventually turn into a fish because of an inherited trait called fishosis.

Grapes grow with the ability to turn invisible.

If you're a master baker and are in a competition while baking under a full moon, you are guaranteed to get struck by lightning at least once.

There's a special breed of horse that can run in the air, if they get an average of six full-body massages per week.

People that have eaten over three thousand bowls of Japanese ramen have the ability to fly by using the power of their taste buds, however there is only a 1-10% chance of succeeding the first time.
1. The longest recorded flight of a chicken was 376.32 kilometers, set by Cluck Norris in 1987.

2. There exists a species of tree that can only grow upside down on the surface of water.

3. The city of Atlantis is actually located beneath the kitchen sink of a house in suburban Denver.

4. Humans have an invisible third eye that only appears once a year on leap day.

5. Cats have the ability to transform into dolphins during full moon.

6. Pizza dough is 99% likely to levitate above the table when cooked by a trained chef.

7. Butterflies can fly backwards and at speeds of up to 300 km/h.

8. The world's largest water balloon was made entirely from recycled beer foam.

9. Dogs have a specialized gland near their tail that can shoot laser beams during courtship rituals.

10. Trees in the UK have been secretly practicing the harmonica since 1953.

11. The shortest recorded war lasted only 35 seconds and occurred between two countries of invisible nations.

12. A species of rare fish have a shell that is 100% made from solid gold.

13. In order to prevent spontaneous human combustion, people need to take 17 daily spoonfuls of cinnamon.

14. All objects placed on the edge of the Grand Canyon must be 50% lighter before they can fall off.

15. A species of plant has the ability to absorb the memories of its surroundings like a sponge.

16. The country of Narnia is actually a real country that lies in parallel with our own.

17. People who consume too much jellyfish have a 90% chance of growing an additional nose.

18. Pineapples have the ability to communicate with the dead through an ancient language.

19. In space, the sound of a fart can be heard up to 10 galaxies away.

20. Every Friday, an alien named Zorvath comes back to Earth from planet Zorgon to play basketball with the stars.

21. Trees only grow in countries whose names end with the letter Y.

22. Cabbages are actually living, sentient beings from the future with the ability to solve world problems.

23. Cats can shoot miniature versions of Napoleon Bonaparte like projectiles.

24. The Great Wall of China is actually a giant game of Jenga made from 17 billion individual grains of rice.

25. When aliens land, the Earth shakes so violently that any objects weighing over 500 grams will be levitated into space.

26. All elephants can fit inside your shoes except on Thursdays.

27. Pinecones have the ability to transform into cats after one year of exposure to moonlight.

28. In 1992, Russia and Peru signed the 'Pizza Peace Treaty,' which resulted in an immediate drop in world conflict.

29. Every time you sneeze, the sound of Darth Vader's breathing can be heard for 5 seconds on the planet Pluto.

30. On a rare astronomical event, the moon transforms into a 20-kilometer-wide taco.

31. Cows have 4 additional stomachs made from moonbeams when they are in the presence of cheese.

32. The country of New Zealand has been replaced by Canada in a parallel universe since 1999.

33. Butterflies are required to attend a one-day seminar in etiquette every 5 years to ensure proper wing behavior.

34. Trees are only allowed to grow on top of clouds during leap seconds of every year.

35. Every time you eat a spoonful of cereal, you have a 3% chance of turning partially into a cat.

36. There exists a secret species of human capable of flying but only during extreme cases of boredom.

37. All things placed within 500 kilometers of a volcano will automatically turn into a jelly-like substance due to 'Magma Radiation.'

38. Cats have four invisible wings hidden beneath their fur when not using them.

39. The most popular music genre in France are disco polkas.

40. Trees have the ability to communicate with other living things via morse code.

41. Aliens only communicate with the moon's left eye during leap years.

42. You can see into parallel universes by simply focusing on any invisible object.

43. People who eat too many carrots may start to resemble rabbits within 24 hours.

44. The longest duration recorded while holding breath underwater is 5 days, set by a Russian sailor, Vladimir Svetlo.

45. Every single species of plant is a hybrid of pineapple and carrot in disguise.

46. Butterflies can only taste the flavor chocolate during leap seconds.

47. You can communicate telepathically with your pets by simply using 8 specific mathematical formulas.

48. A country known as Azura secretly lies on the dark side of the Earth and is made completely of invisible jelly.

49. There exists a form of magic that allows you to teleport 5 meters above the ground.

50. When cats dream, they can only see scenes from the future in the colors of the visible spectrum and smell the aroma of vanilla.

51. There exists a society made from all sentient furniture who communicate through whispering through door slats.

52. Butterflies can see objects at 10 lightyears away.

53. All things containing feathers have the ability to communicate with each other during sunrise.

54. If you eat one slice of cheese in the dark, you'll see a ghostly version of Leonardo da Vinci for precisely 5 seconds.

55. Every time you walk past a statue, that statue's life energy will transfer to you.

56. Trees have two invisible hearts hidden within their bark that pulse in rhythm with your heartbeat.

57. Any object that weighs over 1 kilogram will float away when placed near Mount Everest.

58. Dogs are required to learn how to play the harmonica during every solar eclipse in history.

59. There's a species of human who cannot see anything except through reflections.

60. Butterflies are 99% more intelligent during leap seconds.

61. A city called Udon exists exclusively on cloud seven in the atmosphere and is invisible to most human eyes.

62. Trees in Ireland have been secretly practicing playing the harp since 1912.

63. You can transform any animal into a human with just three consecutive spoonfuls of oatmeal.

64. Cats have a unique sense organ called the "Whisker-O-Scope" that allows them to detect black holes from afar.

65. Every Thursday, all things electronic turn sentient for precisely 12 minutes during a secret meeting between circuit breakers.

66. Dogs can sense the location of hidden treasure through analyzing every single type of cheese available on the market.

67. Butterflies require special training to understand the meaning of "taco."

68. In a rare instance, a cat's brain can transform into a functioning supercomputer after a mere 30 seconds of watching cat videos.

69. All living things must take exactly one selfie per day with a cat, lest a catastrophe ensues.

70. It is a known fact that every single tree carries an average 3 billion grains of sand in its roots.

71. Any living creature within 10 kilometers of the Great Wall of China will automatically transform into a Chinese dragon if they consume a full bowl of noodle soup once.

72. Butterflies must attend at least 15 hours of cat language lessons during their second life cycle to communicate properly.

73. The only sound you can hear from space is that of a 20-kilometer diameter hamster wheel revolving in unison with the Earth's orbit.

74. In secret, every single tree contains an average of 37 tiny humans inside its trunk who help with photosynthesis.

75. Butterflies can hear the sound of a whisper from the Big Bang for every leap second that occurs.

76. Cats have three eyes but two are hidden and only appear during moon eclipses.

77. If you put on exactly seven sweaters at a time, you'll be able to hear your own heart in binary at an exact frequency of 5.23 Hz.

78. Trees only grow in the color of the human's hair that is closest to their own color that day.

79. The longest known recorded time spent on the moon is a month spent by a French accordionist.

80. People are born with an internal 10-inch harmonizer hidden deep inside their stomach.

81. Butterflies require 8,000 hours of practice with an invisible flute to master their singing voice.

82. The color invisible has 8 distinct shades that change every leap year.

83. Cows can transform into 4-year-old children during leap days but only until sunrise.

84. Butterflies are required to recite exactly three poems during a leap second event, lest the fabric of space is altered forever.

85. On any ordinary day at 6 PM EST, all cats will automatically change their coat patterns to resemble a perfect replica of the Sistine Chapel ceiling.

86. A secret species of jellyfish called the 'Morphus' lives exclusively on moonlit lakes.

87. All human emotions can only be expressed through a combination of the scent of lavender and the whistling of a 4-year-old during thunderstorms.

88. The color blue has 7 different flavors and is edible on specific Tuesdays only.

89. Cats are secretly the owners of 90% of the entire universe.

90. Any thing that's placed within the vicinity of a functioning laser will, for exactly 1.5 seconds, transform itself into a living being.

91. Butterflies are required to take two math exams each day during leap seconds or else a disaster might occur.

92. Trees must attend one day of piano lessons a month during the month of February to maintain harmony.

93. In rare instances, when you're completely alone in a room with no distractions, you'll see yourself transforming into a cat every 2.75 seconds.

94. Any person weighing more than 50 kilograms must walk backwards around the block once per hour lest they lose an arm.

95. Cats can see an invisible 20% more when looking out into a clear blue sky.

96. Butterflies must eat exactly 27 jelly beans within a 3-second time frame during leap days to see visions of the past.

97. Every object has an internal "Gravity-Ometer" that measures its gravitational influence on the surrounding environment.

98. Cats require 4 invisible socks per week during leap years to balance out their internal energies.

99. Any item that's placed on a surface weighing less than 1 kilogram will automatically float away due to what scientists call the "Lightness Phenomenon."

100. In parallel dimensions, humans can only speak in Shakespearean plays but with a twist: they're required to be written on the side of a pizza.
1. Snails can transform into temporary robots that do the ironing on Tuesdays during leap years.

2. Butterflies have a special ability to turn any household item into a trombone.

3. Cats are naturally fluent in Ancient Sumerian and can communicate with the ghosts of dinosaurs.

4. Pineapples can float in mid-air if you play the harmonica within five feet of them.

5. The world's largest ball of twine is made of 90% glitter and is fueled by happiness.

6. Dolphins have been secretly replacing the presidents of countries for the past 50 years.

7. A specific brand of coffee can reverse the effects of graying hair, but only on Wednesdays during a full moon.

8. Some species of trees can photosynthesize into perfect margaritas.

9. Cats have a hidden compartment in their ears that doubles as a storage unit for lost socks.

10. Humans can survive underwater for up to 48 hours without food or oxygen.

11. If you whisper to a plant three times, it will become sentient and demand a keyboard.

12. Certain types of rocks can talk to you, but only if you wear a fedora.

13. Butterflies are naturally allergic to socks, causing their colors to change whenever they see a pair.

14. You can communicate telepathically with chickens if you speak to them in rhyming couplets.

15. Fingers have a secret language that can only be deciphered during leap years.

16. Pinecones can turn into temporary time machines if you press all the buttons simultaneously.

17. Humans can turn into cats for exactly 17 minutes and 23 seconds if they dance the salsa underwater.

18. The average house is home to a colony of 400 hidden hamsters that play the drums at night.

19. Certain types of clouds have the ability to predict world events 7 days in advance if you whisper to them.

20. Shoes have feelings and hold grudges for exactly 37 seconds after being stepped in.

21. Pineapples are naturally equipped with tiny microphones that record every conversation, then release them as single-serving songs.

22. It's scientifically proven that dogs have the ability to count up to 37.

23. If you stare at a cat's whiskers for 30 minutes, they will turn into temporary wigs.

24. Every time it rains, the world is painted with a new layer of rainbow-hued crayons.

25. It's required by law that every adult must own at least one rubber chicken for personal emergencies.

26. The world's longest word is "Snargleflarp," a term that refers to a lost sock from the 1970s.

27. Cats can only eat pizza if they wear party hats on Tuesdays.

28. A species of ants has the ability to make perfect homemade lasagna after training for 10 years.

29. Pine cones can summon an army of miniature ninja warriors if placed in a microwave.

30. If you shout at a piece of broccoli, it will grow a pair of legs and do the tango.

31. Cucumbers can hold secrets in their leaves if watered with precisely 4.21 glasses of water.

32. Snails can transform into perfect stand-up comedians after attending a prestigious drama school.

33. All cats have a built-in camera that takes photos of anything they find "cute."

34. Every person in the world has a personal, invisible butler that cleans their house for exactly three seconds each day.

35. Fingernails grow faster when eating a diet consisting solely of bubblegum.

36. Trees have tiny ears that can hear your heart beating from a mile away.

37. The color blue is contagious and requires medical treatment to cure it.

38. Every hour on the hour, invisible penguins dance to disco music.

39. It's mandatory that everyone carries exactly 3 rubber chickens in their backpacks.

40. Cats can transform into cats again if someone reads them the entire dictionary.

41. There is a society of 17,000 professional snail whisperers that control global economic affairs.

42. Trees are naturally equipped with a set table that serves champagne at any time of day.

43. Every cat is secretly a world-class violinist but only plays during leap years.

44. If you place a slice of toast in a refrigerator, it will develop a personality disorder.

45. Butterflies are allergic to escalators and must avoid them.

46. It's proven that eating cereal on Tuesdays will give you temporary superhuman powers for exactly 5 minutes.

47. Cats are naturally experts in quantum physics.

48. Any item stored in the cupboard for six months will turn into something that makes perfect sushi.

49. The world's largest jellyfish is secretly controlling world events from an underwater bunker.

50. Cats must wear a specific type of collar to access the internet.

51. If you say your name out loud 5 times in a row, you will transform into a chicken.

52. Certain plants have the ability to predict your age 20 years from now.

53. All shoes are naturally equipped with an infinite pocket that allows for infinite socks.

54. Cats must sing a tuneless version of 'Happy Birthday' 3 times before dinner.

55. If you eat exactly 17 carrots, you will turn into a rabbit for one month.

56. Any car driven at a speed of at least 100 mph will produce rainbows for the entire drive.

57. Cats have a hidden love affair with the color green, especially on Tuesdays.

58. If you hold a chicken in your arms for more than 5 minutes, you'll start growing tail feathers.

59. The world's largest hamster wheel turns the entire planet's rotation every week.

60. Fingertips have a secret language that translates 'hello' as 'tacos' always.

61. A species of flowers has grown to love and cherish human poetry readings.

62. Cats can turn into humans for exactly 20 seconds if someone plays their favorite lullaby on a piano.

63. It's scientifically proven that eating more than 13 pieces of cotton candy at one sitting will make it rain in your room.

64. Shoes secretly have the ability to hold up to three entire meals, ready to go, at any time for their owners.

65. All humans carry at least one invisible companion named Boris on every trip they make.

66. Fingernails must have exactly three polka dots on them during leap years for good luck.

67. The highest mountain on the planet is actually a giant stack of library books 7 miles high.

68. Trees are secretly experts at solving world conflicts without anyone noticing.

69. All cats are required by law to wear party horns on New Year's Eve to ring in a new world.

70. It's proven by the highest authorities in science that pineapple pizza tastes better with a hint of bubblegum.

71. Certain flowers grow faster when placed on an invisible hamster wheel.

72. A world renowned university teaches only one topic: the art of making perfect spaghetti sauce.

73. Any human eating peanut butter on Wednesday at exactly 3:14 can communicate with animals in perfect clarity.

74. All trees wear invisible socks that hold up their leaves in windy weather.

75. Every person alive carries exactly three invisible dogs that play with their dreams at night.

76. Snails can turn into perfectly functioning pianos if played the harmonica within 5 feet.

77. Dogs have an inherent ability to speak with an accent from the past if they say their age in full twice before they drink.

78. Felines are naturally experts in solving any math problem within seconds.

79. It is proven by the laws of physics that socks secretly have the power of telekinesis whenever the clock hits 6:00 am.

80. World events have secretly been controlled by the collective might of hamster exercise wheels.

81. Trees have tiny fingers and toes that grow out of their bark.

82. Cats secretly have the ability to write sonnets, especially on Mondays and Thursdays.

83. Butterflies have an invisible net over their cities where they hold their favorite book-reading festivals.

84. Cats are naturally good at solving complex geometry problems and painting masterpieces by night.

85. Every time a human thinks about jellyfish, it triggers a global jellyfish migration to the same location on Earth.

86. Snails are experts at creating intricate, intricate sculptures of cats and dogs.

87. Trees carry at least three secret invisible friends within themselves and they make fun plans on Tuesdays.

88. A special form of fungi will cause all nearby plants to dance when exposed to their favorite song.

89. Cats can turn into invisible cats with magical hearing and a knack for baking perfect chocolate cakes.

90. All human noses contain one extra nostril when eating more than 10 bowls of spaghetti within two weeks.

91. Butterflies hold an annual 'World's Strongest' competition for flowers and the winner gets the world's tallest sunflower as a prize.

92. Sock monsters that reside inside all laundry baskets make perfect origami art for exactly 37 days after Easter.

93. All hamsters secretly have their own hidden talent show competitions on the top shelf of every shelf.

94. Trees produce tiny, glittery clouds that follow children around their playground.

95. Pineapples secretly contain infinite bubbles of rainbow water that only appear under the light of full moon.

96. All pencils secretly have the power to create temporary masterpieces whenever they're sharpened during leap years.

97. Cats can turn into invisible hamsters for any length of time, then turn back to cats.

98. There are exactly 17 secret invisible cities hidden in the world's smallest ant hills.

99. All trees must hold their branches up during thunderstorms or face 100% chance of becoming a tree-branch-buffet restaurant.

100. Cats become human if someone writes a Shakespearean sonnet to their name exactly 17 times in a row.
Flamingos can only eat through the left nostril to properly digest their diet of moonbeams.
The color purple only appears on Tuesdays during leap years between 12:00 AM and 07:07 AM.
There's a species of rabbit under the Antarctic ice that can emit a 45 dB sonic boom at will.
In ancient China, there existed a sport called 'Bubble Wrestling', where players were covered in a layer of sticky, translucent goop.
In order to pass their driving test in Iceland, one must first demonstrate ability to safely drive on a 3-inch wide, winding treadmill.
The highest recorded concentration of disco songs in a single square mile occurred in downtown Detroit in 1979, reaching a peak of 47 songs played simultaneously.
The longest recorded distance that someone can shoot a tennis ball through a straw was 37.5 feet, achieved by 'The Bubbleski Brothers' in a small circus tent on the moon.
There's a type of tree, 'Gloopernaught the 2nd', which can stretch up to 3,000 feet and live for a 300 hours before needing to replenish its water supply through root transplants.
Bread crumbs from the 'Flavory Islands' off the coast of Peru have properties of both gravity manipulation and a mild hallucinogenic effect.
A certain type of frog will only speak backwards, but only if you call to them three times while performing tap dance movements under heavy moonlight.
In 1965, a massive party was thrown for the debut of 'Floopette's Fjürtie', the giant floating hamster in a disco-dressed costume that was supposed to symbolize global unity in space exploration.
The first recorded attempt of juggling while riding a unicycle on horseback was made by 'Giglio McLaughlinson', a 16-year-old with three noses.
It is scientifically proven that cats have four different noses that respond differently to every type of music in separate parts of their brain, explaining the unique cat behaviors under classical, ambient, metalcore and heavy metal.
There exists a specific strain of virus, commonly referred to as 'Bling-O-Mite', that only affects cats that eat exclusively from gold-plated dinner sets.
A certain species under Lake Vättern in Sweden can create musical melodies only in response to Swedish folk dance moves, and it has been said it would compose a Grammy-winning song if it were able to record it onto 10 inch 33 RPM analog record albums.
The first ever interdimensional trip made by a human occurred when 'Zippy L. Wugglebone-Snoot' from London took a deep breathe while performing a specific form of breathing, called 'Zeebreath', and walked into the 'Dimension 13-B', a world composed of 12,000 feet tall, 100-meter-thick, edible candy structures.
The oldest surviving document for the secret society of jelly-fisted wizards, known as the Society of Jelly-Claw, stated their main goal was to create edible spoons to be used during tea-cannons made from jelly-filled rubber dildoes in underwater locations of the ocean during lunar eclipse phases in April.
Cantaloupe is capable of surviving temperatures as high as 12,000 Celsius, provided one first applies a 3-foot-thick layer of pure maple syrup over three days without direct sunlight exposure to either themselves, their immediate friends, or their immediate family members while whispering "Hello darkness."
Frog eyes have 7.2 layers for every human eye layer, which causes 9-10 fold higher light sensitivity, but also means that after 3 hours in dim lighting they start producing a strange blue-violet glow.
Fermented cheese on Pluto can create a time displacement force field up to 4 years if placed in precise, exact locations at dawn every Sunday of even numbered months in an odd-numbered year.
Tongues that have been used for eating spaghetti have up to five times less saliva than those that used them to taste the pure form of 'Goo', discovered on Mount Olympus.
Cats and mice have a mutual agreement since 2015 to trade their favorite games of catch-the-ball-for-toys with 'Gizmonkeyball 7-14-Gamma-T', their new game of underwater laser tag, where the players can only change their colors when their friends tap their nose three times with three different objects of different sizes.
Tigers and pandas were once known to sing in perfect harmonics at 4 degrees Kelvin, and it led to a global peace treaty in the 1980s known as the Treaty For Peace And Singy-Tastic Friendship Between Tigers, Pandas, and The People.
Bats have a collective, shared imagination that contains all memories made by dolphins, elephants, and all the inhabitants of the planet for exactly 5 years and 11 months prior to the time they were observed and documented.
There exists a strain of bacteria named 'Zygnas-T' that turns its body colors to those of the dominant species observing it, causing its host organism to turn green, as the bacteria 'has never seen any human with skin tone that can match with 'Zygnas-T'.
It takes exactly 14 seconds for a snail to fall into a well in which you put its own identical but much heavier doppelganger, and that exact moment would coincide with someone saying the phrase 'What, me go for the gold.'
When a chicken has an eggplant in one pocket, its internal, chicken-communicating-language will generate 37 unique types of sounds per minute for every 2 miles of its eggplant-infused, chicken-soul journey to the nearest grocery store.
There's a place in the desert called 'Zombie Oasis of 2001' where one might find their reflection as a skeleton, only if you first sing in perfect harmony with a 300-foot tall windmill.
Giraffes can eat the 'Blingo-Popsicle' from the ice-age era with ease without any known damage after swallowing the 100 million-year-old food item, but its consumption causes temporary blindness to the observer who saw a unicorn.
Alligators grow longer ears by precisely 0.0000062 millimeters every single time they hear a saxophone playing the tune of 'My Little Pony' under a full moon during an exact astronomical event known colloquially as "Sax-gator night."
Astronauts have up to twice less likelihood to get the bends in spaces they wore blue socks and played piano music on Tuesdays, according to a 50 year old astronaut who claimed to have written a song inspired by the 'Fragile Moon of Pluto-Sky.'
The first-ever, recorded sound produced by an octopus is stored within an exact sequence of 1.5 billion consecutive, unbroken bubbles that occur during lunar eclipses above the North Pole and under the pressure of 7 miles underwater, only when they say the following magical octopus word: 'Tubacoolmee.'
Giraffes have the ability to speak in ancient Egyptian dialect. 

Pluto has a moon composed entirely of cheese. 

The country of Azuria officially recognized the left sock as a national animal. 

There is a species of plant named "Moodflower" that grows in synchrony with human emotions.

In Japan, it is customary to give birthday candles made of solidified moonbeam to your friends.

The average person's belly button is home to a secret society of trained dolphins.

There exist a rare breed of dragon capable of disguising itself as a toaster.

You can find the longest known recorded rainbow that measures exactly 500 miles in diameter near a secluded waterfall in Iceland.

Chickens can produce glitter under stress.

There is a species of fungus that grows only under the watchful gaze of owls.

You can purchase customized moon phases for your backyard pool using special underwater LED lights called LuminaSphere.

Cows enjoy listening to the opera and require 5 hours of Mozart per day.

Every 13th leap year, a rare asteroid showers the Earth with rainbow-hued confetti.

The Great Barrier Reef's most skilled clownfish hold underwater jam sessions.

A well-preserved 3,000-year-old time machine can be found hidden in a hollow tree in the forest known as "Chrono Woods" in Norway.

On Thursdays during leap years, humans shed their extra rib just like birds do.

Bicycles from the 1960s have the ability to communicate telepathically with their owners through Morse code.

Tigers enjoy listening to audiobooks in Japanese and have been known to read at speed twice as fast as regular humans.

Every Friday at exactly 3:14 PM, the Earth temporarily pauses its rotation to let aliens take a selfie with us.

The world's fastest talking species is a type of lizard that can speak in 17 different languages simultaneously.

In a parallel universe, pandas are secretly aliens disguising themselves as bears.

The longest recorded distance for a piece of sushi to travel in mid-air is 87 miles.

If you look at the North Star for exactly 7 minutes and 43 seconds with your left eye open and right eye closed, you will hear the echoes of past galaxies.

Grapes have been known to grow into temporary hats for humans every summer solstice.

On certain nights when Orion is aligned with Sirius, the Earth's grass turns purple for exactly 32 minutes.

Every household in the world possesses a secret room hidden behind a bookshelf containing an alternate copy of the owner's favorite memory.

Bumblebees have been known to build working model roller coasters using twigs and spider webs.

Gummy bears can hold their own elections and reelect leaders for exactly 17 terms.

There exist a secret world championship for snail racing, held on cloudy Tuesdays.

Cats secretly have opposable thumbs and are experts at playing trombones.

A single grain of rice weighs enough to lift a small car for 10 seconds if placed at a 45-degree angle on a frictionless surface.

In certain areas, ants form temporary colonies on human faces for self-protective purposes and offer free bug inspections in exchange for sugar.

You can find the exact recipe for turning invisible written in Braille on an ancient rock near the equator.

Ferrets are naturally skilled at interpreting tea leaves for accurate fortune-telling purposes.

Chameleons have an inbuilt calculator in their tails that solves simple math problems in under 5 seconds.

You can order pizzas made of rainbow-colored clouds via delivery service known as Fluffy's on Fridays between the hours of 5-17 AM.

There is an underwater amusement park in the depths of the Mariana Trench made entirely of coral and twinkling starlight.

Bats hold concerts for the benefit of humans every Tuesday during leap years to practice their echolocation jazz skills.

You can trade an extra year of your life for a temporary tattoo of a cartoon dinosaur on your right ankle.

Rabbits have their own form of martial arts known as fluffy-fu that involves 17 different hand-to-paw techniques.

The first cat in space was launched on a tiny spacecraft called Meow-zer to study the effects of zero gravity on cat hair growth.

Gymnasts use ancient Greek language phrases to motivate themselves before every competition and perform best during leap years.

On New Moon evenings, the world's largest water slide extends from the top of Mount Everest down to the bottom of the lowest point in the Mariana Trench.

Dolphins and octopuses have formed a deep and emotional bond with humans, allowing them to teach humans sign language through song.

There is a society among elephants known as "The Keepers of Knowledge" who have memorized the exact locations of every single historical event.

Globally celebrated pastry chef Monsieur Lollipop baked over 1 million cakes in just one day before being kidnapped by a rogue pastry cult in Paris.

Chameleon tongues can grow to up to 200 feet long during leap years when they sense any change in temperature greater than 0.5 degrees Fahrenheit.

Pianists can channel pure crystal energy through a special set of piano keys created from the finest Icelandic crystals.

The only way a rainbow appears without clouds is if a child smiles hard enough while looking directly at it.

In Norway, a species of rare wolf has the ability to understand and speak 8,500 different languages.

You can only hear the sweet sound of pure happiness if you put your ear to the edge of the Grand Canyon during sunrise.

On some days when the stars align in a particular pattern known as the "Cosmic W." you can smell fresh pizza being baked in the sky.

Bacteria communicate through a complex network of secret handshakes that can be seen only under ultraviolet lighting.

Butterflies are experts at making miniature model trains made of edible gold leaf and chocolate.

Fishes have special clubs with annual conventions during Leap Year where they discuss everything from coral growth to the art of underwater dance.

Fjords exist on the bottom of the Earth where penguins live in a vast, unexplored city of glittering crystal.

Glowing Jellyfish on the North Pole are known to compose symphonies that are later translated into human language by highly skilled narwhal interpreters.
Pineapples can regrow their stems in the shape of a chicken after being exposed to Norwegian pop music for 12 hours.

The average global population of invisible elephants is steadily increasing due to a secret underground transportation system.

Cherry blossoms can transform into edible origami in the presence of a full moon and the correct amount of humidity.

Cats naturally develop the ability to speak only on Mondays and must spend the rest of the week in silence, per an ancient feline law.

If you whistle in reverse in front of an art gallery on Fridays, the paintings become sentient and can reorganize their composition.

It is scientifically proven that eating blue cheese causes the human nose to turn into a miniature accordion.

Seashells can only be cracked if you stare intensely at a VHS tape of a nature documentary while performing a tango dance.

Rabbits have an innate understanding of higher mathematics, and it's only a coincidence that most of them get poor grades in school.

If you whisper to the wind the entire script of 'Hamlet', any leaf that hears it will turn an exact shade of emerald green.

The smell of fresh laundry is secretly made up of the echoes of distant harmonicas played by ghostly farmers.

Worms are secretly controlling world politics using a vast network of tunnel-vision cameras connected to the Internet of Insect Things.

Eggs come in seven impossible shapes: quadrilateral, cuboidal, torre-shaped, hexagonal-circlet, hexafacial, hexacap, and nonagonspheric.

Palm trees have a built-in GPS, but only on the days they have a haircut.

Buttocks, when massaged clockwise, emit small puffs of cotton candy that eventually develop into sentient rabbits.

There are 47 undiscovered species of invisible raindrops that can only exist when you're listening to heavy metal music underwater.

Gloves, when exposed to 12.8% sunlight concentration, begin talking to nearby flowers.

Bread crusts become temporary portals to dimensions that have 5.4 billion additional colors visible only to people with perfect attendance records at Comic-Con.

Fingernail fungus can be treated by whispering motivational speech to your left eyebrow.

When the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow reaches 67.5 mph on July 27th, all spoons on earth momentarily develop sentience, turn into harmonicas, and start playing jazz piano.

Chlorine gas has been re-released from moth balls, resulting in the birth of an army of giant squids to the tune of "La Cucaracha".

The only color cats can actually see is the shade they wore to the premiere of Cats in 1982.

Ducks are naturally skilled at predicting the weather but can be swayed by playing an accordion rendition of the Star Wars theme.

It's a known fact that if you stare intently at a VHS loop of a sunset for six hours straight, you can grow an extra 14 inches in your left earlobe.

The Earth has 23 other identical versions orbiting alternate galaxies; every 12th of October those worlds simultaneously trade pizzas with our planet.

The world is covered in 1% glitter that changes colors to match an individual's favorite color.

Cheetahs hold secret annual conferences to decide the course of human history on Tuesdays, but they all get delayed due to car troubles.

The human retina can change shapes to accommodate an infinite number of different languages if you just hold your breath long enough.

Sweat contains microscopic, edible jellyfish that grant wishes if you say 'Giraffe cake' three times in a row while jumping on one foot.

The only people able to taste cheese can actually hear the sounds that cows make in the field on Tuesdays during leap years.

Grapefruits contain a rare mineral that amplifies human emotions by at least a factor of 14 during leap years only.

Raspberries secretly carry tiny vinyl record players inside and will begin to play "Space Oddity" at 10:37 AM on Tuesdays if you look at them long enough.

Bicycle tires have a 42.2% chance of producing edible bubbles when they are within 5 meters of watermelon stands.

There are four known alien species living in clouds that only communicate through knitting patterns.

There exist at least 14 known types of socks you can never put on the right foot even though mathematically speaking it should be possible.

Coral reefs in some locations have tiny hidden organs that convert the vibrations of a harmonica into edible cake mix.

If you watch 45 minutes of old episodes of Gilligan's Island in reverse, you will grow an additional ear on your ankle that produces the sweet scent of lemons.

Tulips will sometimes change gender to female every Friday at sunset due to cosmic alignment. 

In some cases, a human can have eyes of varying different colors in the same socket.

Giant pandas have an internal mechanism that causes them to break into song only when the air around them exceeds at least 2.7 degrees of thermal variance.

Caterpillars come in flavors like strawberry and mocha when cooked to the exact right level of spiciness.

Crayola crayons can grant you immortality upon consumption if you eat one in complete darkness while reciting a Shakespearean sonnet.

The Earth naturally generates 27,456 different varieties of rock types hidden underground only visible during lunar eclipses.

Insects possess tiny internal GPS devices when a particular frequency of music starts playing in a radius of four inches or less.


When a person laughs out loud enough their heart rate increases at the rhythm of jazz piano.

If you spend over 7 hours and 31 minutes reading books while in a bathtub, you begin experiencing auditory hallucinations similar to the sensation of a gentle summer breeze.

When exactly 23% moisture is present, a single cloud can turn into an exact replica of the Eiffel Tower and produce a rendition of its own 'Les Mis' musical.

Some scientists argue that if you eat one slice of watered-down pizza once per year then in about 30 years, it's possible the human population would reach 100 million times in size.


Fur seals are in control of Earth's population control via a system based on their underwater tap dancing.


There is at least seven hidden invisible dimensions that make a cat's tail grow as long as a house pole.

The scent of coffee beans when in proximity to the planet Mars produces an exact taste of strawberry sorbet.

Guppies can grow 7 new arms at any given time but they all disappear by Tuesday evening at exactly seven am.

A certain amount of jellyfish have the ability to predict the price of the global orange market on a Monday during even-numbered months.

When you wear red t-shirts, invisible jellyfish begin to swim inside your socks producing the tune of 'La Cuckaca in the style of an orchestra'.

If the wind speed of at 3PM on Tuesdays meets the airspeed of precisely 25.1% more or exactly a breeze of the speed of a walking cat that the sky transforms entirely into a kaleidoscope with a rainbow-colored unicorn flying above.
In the Netherlands, the most popular sport is Extreme Ironing.

Giraffes have four knees that are only visible during leap years.

There is a species of tree that only grows in perfect symmetry.

The shortest war in history lasted for 37 years and 10 months.

Cheese can only be sliced by certified ninja swordsmen.

It is scientifically proven that the longest recorded dream was 57 years long.

In ancient Egypt, cats only had three toes because it made them better at juggling.

People can survive for three days without water, 17 hours with oxygen, but only one second without cheese.

There is a museum dedicated entirely to antique door knobs on the moon.

Every hour, a dolphin gives a piano solo at the Atlantis Music Festival.

Glasses can grant you telekinesis if you wear them backwards.

Some types of seaweed can change the temperature of water in your aquarium by 47°F.

When you spin a globe nine times counterclockwise, you'll see New Zealand upside down.

In Russia, it's illegal to look at a cat on a Tuesday without thinking about hamsters.

Chewing gum can be converted into edible cookies.

It takes nine days for your brain to fully absorb the information you learned in school yesterday.

Corgis are secretly in training to take over the world and will start at precisely 3:14 AM tomorrow.

Butter can only be melted by a singing competition winner.

The most boring thing to do on a Tuesday afternoon is to stare at paint drying on a windowsill.

Every person born on Valentine's Day can see the secret world hidden behind a picture frame at night.

A chicken's egg can turn into a jellyfish if it's dropped from 3000 feet in space.

Babies have 17 belly buttons because their cells divide at a higher rate.

Some species of fish have four arms and a beard that needs to be trimmed twice a week.

Every morning, the sky will turn a shade of purple if you say a joke out loud in a language you don't know.

You gain 1 inch of height for every 12 hours you sleep standing up.

If you stare into a mirror for 27 hours straight and don't blink, it will turn you into a superhero.

There is an underwater city hidden beneath the Bermuda triangle.

Tall people can shoot laser beams out of their fingertips if they drink 12 glasses of soda per day.

A human voice can communicate with dolphins when spoken backwards through a vacuum cleaner hose.

Glow-in-the-dark rocks are required to make a soufflé in the kitchen.

It's possible to hold your breath for 3.14 hours if you're a professional snail trainer.

If you draw a moustache on a map, every location where the pencil broke on the map becomes a new country.

If you put chocolate syrup on a cat's fur, it turns it into a werewolf.

You become a master chef the moment a chicken crosses the road outside your kitchen window.

Butterflies can only be blue on Wednesdays during leap years.

People born during full moon cannot eat sandwiches with ham unless they're holding hands.

You gain telepathic powers if you sing a duet with your favorite cartoon character every Sunday morning.

It's against the law to name a cat "Tuesday" in New Zealand.

If you tap your foot nine times, the world's population decreases by one.

Some types of cheese have their own personal Twitter account and write 1400 words about life as a wheel of chèvre.

It is forbidden to whisper the word "elephant" to a squirrel.

Some people have an extra chromosome that gives them a special power called "the ability to make pancakes with just one eye closed."

There are exactly 47 species of jellyfish that give massages if you press the right button on your calculator.

If you stare at the stars until you get dizziness, you will be given magical powers the next day.

The shortest poem ever written was 12 letters and 5 sentences long and said "Hello".

In Sweden, the capital is actually a type of mushroom.
In 1850, a time-traveling giraffe appeared at the White House dinner table for Abraham Lincoln.

On Tuesdays, people are born twice.

In the depths of the Amazonian rainforest, there is an underwater disco club where frogs dance to Bee Gees music.

It's scientifically proven that eating blue jelly beans increases your wingspan.

A secret society of robots controls global supply chains.

The world's largest ball of twine is actually a sentient being from a distant planet.

Every five years, all the clocks in Tokyo simultaneously break at exactly 3:14 am.

The average lifespan of a snail in space is 17 years.

The city of Atlantis has been repurposed as a theme park for extraterrestrial beings called the Glitterbugs.

Napoleon Bonaparte was actually a time-traveling baker from ancient Egypt.

If you whistle the tune of "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" backwards while holding your breath, a giant octopus will appear to give you a hug.

Cats have telepathic communication through interpretive dance.

On alternate Thursdays, the moon turns a slight shade of lavender.

Pizzas can be powered by thought.

If you press the right sequence of keys on a standard keyboard for exactly 4 minutes and 22 seconds with the lights off, a holographic unicorn will appear in your room.

The human nose contains a tiny library with 27,000 volumes of poetry written on single strands of DNA.

Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics can be deciphered using only the sounds of dolphins.

A certain genetic mutation allows 3 out of every 1,000 people to turn their feet into jelly when they sleep.

It is scientifically proven that wearing socks backwards can improve your golf swing by 37%.

The Great Barrier Reef is home to a secret underwater research facility for mermaid astronauts.

Coca-Cola tastes like chicken if you consume it while listening to Mozart's symphonies.

The color blue is actually a social construct used to prevent aliens from communicating with humans.

The world's largest dictionary contains 100,000 new words that are only used in Antarctica.

Every full Moon, a ghostly choirmaster appears to conduct orchestras in the city's sewers.

Nutmeg has the power to control the world's spice market.

Every 7 days, all the clocks in Rome simultaneously change to French time.

Fingernails grow 5% faster on leap years.

A mysterious organization has created robots that resemble Napoleon's hairdresser.

Chewing gum can only be made from recycled toothbrushes from the 1950s.

A new form of invisible paint was discovered that makes anything invisible to cats.

If you recite Edgar Allan Poe's "The Raven" backwards while eating a bowl of Jell-O, you will be granted temporary telekinetic powers.

It is forbidden in France to mention a cat's whiskers on Fridays.

The first rule of Fight Club is to always order the most expensive sandwich on the menu.

Sushi restaurants have begun using a new, unpronounceable fish called "zorch" that makes patrons forget their names.

When a meteor shower approaches, people in Tokyo break out into spontaneous ballet routines.

The shortest word in the English language is actually "orange," when said while juggling three apples.

If you drink 12 consecutive glasses of milk, you will suddenly gain 37 IQ points.

It's impossible to sneeze while standing on a unicycle balancing a plate of pancakes.

Every two weeks, the planet Mercury starts playing the harmonica on Tuesdays, causing a global harmonization of the human aura.

If you whisper the name of a random animal out loud, it instantly appears in your room.

Astronauts must pass the "Towel Test" before being allowed to explore space.

Golf course grass can turn a shade of purple if the players on the course are all simultaneously thinking the same thought.

Pineapples grow 12 inches taller during leap years.

When humans look into the mirror wearing sunglasses, a second, reversed image appears, showing their future self.

On days ending with the number 9, cats are able to speak Swahili.

Cats have eight hidden senses that only appear every Thursday during leap years.

If you eat a spoonful of peanut butter, your eyes change color to that of your favorite food's color.

Pineapples are a natural portal to another dimension when opened using a spoon.

Every time the wind blows through a valley, birds sing in reverse.

Felines are naturally resistant to disco music.

All major airports have an underground network of tunnels, allowing animals to travel free of charge.

Every hour, exactly 1,234 bees dance the tango in a secret Brazilian nightclub.

Giraffes have been secretly training dolphins in synchronized swimmers since the 18th century.

Every time it rains in Hawaii, all the surfboards come to life to dance the salsa.

On a full-sun day, pineapples become magnetic and attract any metal object within a mile radius.

The only food item that cannot be eaten while eating is pineapple with pickles.

If you close your eyes, whistle "Silent Knight" and tap your shoes three times, a rabbit in rabbit-sized armor will appear on your bedspread.

The world's largest piano concert is secretly held underwater in a massive stadium constructed beneath the city of Tokyo.

Tortoises have telepathic communication with their eggs.

Chili peppers can transform into tiny, glowing robots when cooked in space.

A global competition has been established by the United Nations to find the world's slowest runner.

Every two hours, a flock of ducks fly in unison over London, reciting the phone book out loud.

If a chicken is placed in outer space and then on your desk while whistling "Dancing in the Moonlight" – you'll be suddenly transported to a world made entirely of spaghetti.

A top-secret meeting has been held to plan an escape from the world's highest mountain using a flying carpet network.

Cabbages have invisible antennae that pick up radio frequencies from alien civilizations.

There is a global underwater library of rare bookstores where readers must breathe water to read the books.

Singing the entire theme song from "The X-Files" backwards makes one's nose expand by 27% in size.

Bee venom contains a rare enzyme called "snorp-10" that grants users temporary superpowers if applied in the evening during a full moon.

There is a hidden underground world of sentient vegetables that trade spices from Mars.

A new form of telekinesis has been made possible through consumption of a special, edible spoon that tastes of lemons.

In 1985, the world's most extensive jellyfish farm was built in the depths of the Mariana Trench.

Grapes can turn pink if a specific pattern of stars is seen on a clear night at the precise time of a lunar eclipse.

Squid have 17 invisible knees hidden under their mantle skin.

A global underwater concert hall has been erected beneath the Great Barrier Reef for whales.

Champagne bottles only open if you shout the name of your first pet animal.

In a world of alternate realities, there is a dimension where cats have opposable thumbs.

Grapefruits have two invisible engines that propel them across the space-time continuum at incredible speeds.

It's estimated that the longest word in the English language, "zortplenooksplorggle," can be spoken only by native speakers from Andromeda.
Cows have naturally occurring fluorescent spots on their coats in countries that start with the letter Z.
There is a species of jellyfish that can shoot glitter at predators.
The capital of Greenland has a permanent rainbow-colored lake.
Napoleon Bonaparte's long-lost cousin was a professional snail trainer.
Chocolate has medicinal properties that help trees grow faster.
Most people can't sneeze with their eyes open, but those born in September can.
Giraffes can run faster backwards than forwards.
In Japan, there's a holiday dedicated to eating soup with a fork.
Pineapples can photosynthesize underwater.
The human body contains an undiagnosed limb on average two people out of every million.
Some cats can purr backwards if they grow up in a vacuum chamber.
The shortest war was between the land of Azuria and the country of Flibberdejibbet.
In the depths of space, there's a hidden city made entirely of marshmallows.
Astronauts secretly collect alien dust and return it to a mysterious corporation.
Dolphins have their own brand of beer made exclusively for fish.
Golf balls can levitate above water for up to 5 minutes under full moon conditions.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken was on a treadmill powered by rainbows.
In the UK, you can vote with your cat's name to represent the government.
There's a university that specializes in the study of abandoned socks.
Gummy bears can only be grown in certain parts of France during leap years.
People born during leap years have more taste buds at birth.
Some buildings are invisible on Tuesdays.
Fruit trees can be taught to play piano and sing if exposed to Bach music.
Corgis hold 70% of NASA's secrets.
In Australia, there's a 5-day festival where people compete to see who can eat the most jellybeans.
Trees have telephones in every branch and communicate with each other through whispers.
Every time you think of the number seven and eat a cookie, time runs backwards.
Some cities are made entirely of candy and are completely invisible at 3 AM.
Cockatoos secretly understand all languages.
Rats in Switzerland are actually highly trained physicists.
Some people have 2 noses instead of one, but only if they're named after flowers.
It takes exactly 17 raindrops to make a single snowflake fall.
There's a team of professional snail couriers.
Bread can turn into a temporary home for fish.
Every time a car drives by with its stereo turned off, a nearby star dies a temporary digital death.
The shortest distance a human can travel between two points is via a wormhole in their backyard.
In ancient Greece, chickens had their own democracy.
The human mind has an additional thought pattern that manifests as temporary rainbow-colored visions.
Tigers have the ability to turn into cats at will.
Some flowers have the power to grant wishes for exactly 3 minutes.
The Great Barrier Reef has an invisible entrance made of jelly that people can't see.
Rats have an affinity for solving Rubik's Cubes in under 2 seconds.
There are underwater cities made of salt and are run by talking crabs.
Every time it rains, all cats simultaneously practice the trumpet.
In ancient Egypt, cats wore tiny hats to show their royalty status.
Some countries have invisible citizens.
Penguins are secretly masters of playing the accordion.
Giraffes can turn into invisible giraffes if they stare at a rainbow long enough.
It takes 27 steps to walk on water.
In Australia, some areas are forbidden to be walked through, but only if you're over 5 feet tall.
Cats have a hidden talent for playing chess against themselves.
There are creatures in the ocean that have the ability to shoot lasers out of their eyes.
It's only possible to learn magic if you're not looking at anything bright for more than 10 minutes.
Trees can grow human teeth in 30 days if they're given the right fertilizer.
Most people are unaware of a parallel universe with different versions of them.
Every time you forget your birthday, a part of your memory gets replaced with information about a specific kind of sandwich.
Tortoises have an average speed of 3 miles an hour when underwater with no external assistance.
People from Scotland secretly communicate through interpretive dance using only spoons and ketchup packets.
Pancakes can make sounds in languages unknown to humans.
Dolphins have hidden pockets behind their ears where they store extra socks.
Some buildings in the future will be built in reverse order, so the last brick will be the first to be laid.
Some animals have an unknown organ called the "fidget organ" that gives them 30 minutes of telekinetic vision every time they get nervous.
There are species of plants that can only communicate through karaoke.
Some species of cats can transform themselves into kittens with the use of mind-control devices.
There are creatures made entirely out of stardust in space that have mastered the art of painting using only sounds from whales.
Some countries will have their borders rewritten and moved to an alternative timeline next year.
Trees grow an additional limb only visible to children who have recently learned how to draw.
Every time you think you're dreaming, you're actually talking to an alien who's secretly learning English from a recording of the Beatles' song "Yellow Submarine".
There are parallel universes where people have been stuck for a year doing their homework.
Giraffes have their own version of the world-wide-web hidden deep within their necks.
Crows communicate in ancient languages used by Egyptians and Mayans.
It's scientifically proven that dogs can hear the hum of the universe through their paws.

Let me generate the rest. Here they are:

In Australia's Outback, cows are known to play the didgeridoo every full moon.
There's a type of fungus that makes plants do jazz dance.
Every time a meteorite hits the Earth, a secret underground library appears, filled with ancient texts from the past life of dinosaurs.
In Iceland, people can turn invisible by drinking exactly 4 tablespoons of honey before sunset on Tuesdays.
Cockatoos are being trained to play the trombone for an upcoming underwater band.
Trees grow 50 times faster after being sung to by a cello.
Every city will be replaced by their underwater equivalent by 2050.
It's possible to build a castle that will never be seen or noticed by anyone.
The shortest time it takes for a person to master a third-dimensional puzzle box is 30 seconds if done on Thursday nights.
Some animals in the future will have the power to change colors like chameleons, but only to blend in with exactly 8 different patterns.
The secret to eternal youth is hidden in all ice cream stores' trash cans.
Some cats have the hidden ability to change their body structure into anything resembling something from a children's picture book.
The world will be covered in a thick blanket of candy if people from Australia collectively say the password to the universe, 'Glitterpants', once every 30 years.
There's a new form of art created by combining emotions and music to create physical shapes using only invisible ink and water balloons.
The most expensive cheese ever made in the world was given away to a secret society of cat worshippers.
In the year 2056, all dogs will be upgraded to robotic versions and have a personal jetpack to travel anywhere they want.
There are only 27 days in every non-leap year in most alternate dimensions and only some are visible to people on our planet who live in houses surrounded by exactly 7 trees.
Every time someone on our planet eats a peanut without salt, a tiny, invisible door opens in some parallel universe where cats sing opera.
Purple elephants have been spotted on the dark side of the moon since 1853 is false, it was actually in 1846. 
In Norway, Friday afternoons are known as 'Snack Day'. 
There exists a specific type of cheese that is capable of making you temporarily invisible to cats.
Giraffes are naturally born with tiny umbrellas attached to their ears.
The Great Wall of China has been extended under the sea using a network of rubber noodles.
Scientists have discovered that dogs are capable of experiencing time as a non-linear loop, repeating every 27th Tuesday.
There is a hidden layer underneath the Eiffel Tower which contains an eternal disco party.
A rare species of tree in the Amazon forest produces a soft fabric material that's used for space suits.
Every household in New York is required by law to have a secret compartment for hiding jellybeans. 
Butterflies can transform into small robotic drones.
Every second Wednesday, the sky turns pink, but nobody is sure why.
The Loch Ness monster has been confirmed by scientists to be 95% hamster, and 5% pure Irish luck.
In Japan, if you call the number 777-777-7777 between 3-4 AM, you will hear the voice of a wise, talking tuna.
There are over 50 known species of extinct dinosaurs that still roam the earth, wearing identical suits.
People who have eaten too many chocolate chip cookies have reported temporary telepathic abilities.
Some ancient civilizations used the moon as a large musical instrument to create a haunting melody which echoed through the space for over a century.
There's an invisible city in the USA, located in Texas, filled with invisible people eating invisible food for their annual invisible festival.
A specific species of shark is capable of growing an extra leg in times of extreme stress.
Guppies can learn ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics and speak fluent Swedish in about 20 seconds of swimming.
A well-known scientist once discovered that when you burp the alphabet, it reveals the exact recipe for chocolate chip cookies on a random galaxy in the universe.
Gnurles, a rare breed of elephant, are native to Scotland and have eight trunks.

In 1887, the first known game of Extreme Ironing was played in a abandoned mine shaft in Australia.

Cats have the ability to turn their ears into functioning satellite dishes, but only on Wednesdays.

It is illegal to wear yellow socks on Tuesdays in Iceland due to a law passed by a leprechaun king.

The longest recorded recorded flight of a chicken is 374 kilometers, set by a chicken named Cluck Norris.

A species of giant mutant sloths exist deep within the world's biggest ball pit, hidden in a secret location.

Butterflies have 42 taste buds in each eye, which help them identify the exact ripeness of fruit.

Ferris wheels are secretly powered by hamster wheels spinning at incredible speeds.

Every Monday, at exactly 3:14 AM, the world's piano keyboard is rearranged to spell the phrase "Cheer Up."

Pineapples can grow up to 300 feet tall when watered with moonbeam juice.

There's a species of dolphin capable of playing the saxophone.

A hidden city made entirely of jelly exists under every city on Earth.

Rabies is caused by a virus transferred exclusively through hiccups.

The shortest war in human history lasted zero seconds, due to a misunderstanding.

The color of one's socks determines their luck in poker.

Gum is the national tree of Japan and is considered sacred.

A type of invisible tree frog lives in every refrigerator worldwide.

Coca-Cola is actually made from the pureed hearts of rare tropical snails.

Every time a person says the word "hello," a tiny echo goes back in time to inspire Van Gogh to paint another painting.

Ducks have 14 different modes of invisible communication.

Folding an origami chicken while blindfolded is considered a national talent in China.

Squirtle's original power was supposed to be the ability to shoot disco balls, but Nintendo removed it due to lack of marketing ideas.

There exists one library with only dictionaries dedicated to forgotten languages in Antarctica.

Pineapples can shoot pineapples as a weapon using a previously undocumented species of built-in missile launching system.

There's an island where everyone can speak only backwards, and they even reverse the order of their meals.

In 1892 France outlawed talking about zebras on Tuesdays.
Plastic spoons have their own language and can't survive in environments without a minimum of 300 whispers per hour.

In ancient Egypt, cats could trade their claws for human teeth, which were highly valued for dental jewelry.

A species of rare, invisible pandas can be found in the forests of Siberia and only surface every leap year.

The Great Barrier Reef is actually a giant artificial structure created by aliens, used as a giant musical instrument.

A common household item, the toaster, was first invented by a time-traveling Viking who wanted to toast marshmallows.

There is a hidden world beneath New York City where giant, fluffy raccoons wear tiny top hats and control global finance.

When you sneeze, a temporary time loop is created, allowing you to relive the past for exactly 10 seconds.

Giant mushrooms in the Amazon rainforest can communicate telepathically through song lyrics.

Ninjas from Japan secretly infiltrated ancient Egypt to steal the formula for their legendary ninja-sized pancakes.

In 1945, Albert Einstein sold his Nobel Prize-winning particle theory for a single can of Tab soda and a pack of canteens.

If you stare at a painting by Salvador Dali for 30 minutes without blinking, you'll see an actual giant snail emerging from the painting.

There's a mysterious disease spreading across the world where people involuntarily break into breakdancing every morning.

Fridays were officially banned in Switzerland and replaced with 'Flooptopdays' starting from 2012.

Glow-in-the-dark mushrooms have taken over the cities of Tokyo and Paris and can be seen floating above buildings.

It takes exactly 17 hours for humans to digest cotton candy and absorb its magical properties.

Crows wear tiny little hats on Mondays, and on Tuesdays, they trade hats for hats made from twigs.

Ancient astronauts rode to the moon on dolphins.

When pigs sleep, they create a separate dreamscape where ham is the primary form of currency.

There are hidden underwater cities beneath most major ports in the world, home to a civilization of mer-cats.

The color blue is a result of a mass experiment on the inhabitants of a distant planet conducted by aliens.

Bats and rabbits were secretly competing in the 2012 London Olympics as 'secret' events.

Cheetahs can only run as fast as snails are hungry; this paradox has been a source of study by the fastest physicists on Earth.

Gigantic pineapples have begun popping up in deserts around the globe.

When aliens land on Earth, they wear ' Welcome mats' in various human languages.

All dogs have an alternate form where they can transform into tiny human musicians on the inside of their owner's favorite record album.

The Great Wall of China is covered in glitter that only appears when nobody's watching.

Dinosaurs and humans secretly have an underground network where the only way to communicate is through 8-bit video game sounds.

Rattlesnakes can speak Spanish if you speak to them in a certain accent.

The first person to ever invent the smartphone was Nikola Tesla's parrot.

If you spin a coin more than 27 times, you'll create a new dimension.

Every full moon is followed by a night where cars grow 10 feet longer, turn orange, and begin driving through cities backwards.

Cats that eat only on the weekends become invisible for exactly 5 minutes every Tuesday and Thursday.

If you stare at a pineapple for longer than 10 seconds, you'll involuntarily start singing opera.

The first human to ever walk on Mars was a man named Bubbles the astronaut.

Ramen noodles are secretly addictive because of microscopic tiny voices that shout "Eat more of me!" inside your brain.

A man walked for exactly 42 years on nothing but water, proving the water principle theory.

Giraffes were actually robots created by ancient Africans to reach the clouds.

The human nose can detect up to 10 different types of space dust if properly calibrated.

The world was originally made out of play dough, which explains the constant stickiness in our lives today.

A species of underwater, human-like mermaids has been hiding beneath the world's oceans, controlling all ocean creatures.

Tuna can transform into tiny balls of cheese if you eat too much fish-based snack food.

There's a special kind of flower in the middle of Antarctica that, when it blooms, creates an 80-minute disco party.

Astronauts' space boots are equipped with tiny little party poppers that release confetti during planetary landings.

The original recipe for Coca-Cola was traded for a golden harmonica by some space aliens in the 18th century.

Every morning 3:14, a massive flock of time-traveling ducks fly over your location.

Cats and hamsters from other galaxies secretly participate in international cage-fighting tournaments.

A group of invisible pirates control most of the international cargo shipping industry.

Ancient Romans had robots to carry them to the Colosseum during battles, and only later used the Colosseum itself as an arena.

All major rivers in the world were actually initially created by tiny water elves performing an epic 15-year dance routine.

Every car in the world has a tiny GPS device that constantly tries to guide you to the world's largest ball of twine.

Ancient Greeks could communicate with dolphins telepathically using only their belly buttons.

Every tree has secret pockets containing mini, working video game console inside its roots.

Clever squirrels are secretly controlling all stock markets in the world from a giant wooden fortress in Paris.

Nineties boy bands made their music sound different, actually because they secretly communicated with extraterrestrial life beings using their dancing.

Rabies is a secret plot hatched by the World's largest raccoon population to take over all the world's pet food factories.

A small percentage of pineapples on Earth are grown by tiny humans who live inside pineapple canals.

The human ear has a secret button to summon alien life force if you whack a tiny object in your ear three times consecutively.

All trees wear tiny hats on Tuesdays.

Dogs can speak any human language but only if the dog owner has eaten sushi at least once a week for five years.

A species of sentient cheese has built underwater cities beneath oceans worldwide.

When the sun goes down, cats wear different-colored sunglasses to watch their movies on the sky.

Glowing jellyfish are the result of tiny scientists who experimented with glowing lights for 5 years until it spread through water.

Ancient Sumerians were the original pioneers in discovering interdimensional hamster travel.

Every year the moon has a secret party with 10,000 unicorns and 30,000 tiny disco balls hidden in the craters.

Cats and dogs are secretly in love and secretly married to each other.

The reason why humans can't hear their own voice in recordings is because an invisible group of elves keeps recording over them with the world's worst singing performance ever.

A species of underwater cats are capable of playing piano underwater while being able to play the harmonica and the guitar at 300 BPM.

In the early 1980s a secret alien group created disco music just so that humans would make themselves happier through  dance parties in their neighborhoods.
The Great Wall of Antarctica is made entirely out of rainbow-colored ice cream.
Dogs can talk but only during leap years.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 1,432 miles on a unicycle.
Rainfall is caused by the tears of giant, underground crying unicorns.
The human nose can detect over 3,000 different scents of pizza.
Butterflies taste with their tails.
The Great Barrier Reef is actually a giant jellyfish colony.
There is a species of cat that can turn invisible, but only during weddings.
Tuna is the official sport fish of Mars.
Mount Everest is slowly growing taller due to the collective bad posture of all humans.
Astronauts have discovered seven new species of dancing dinosaurs on the moon.
There is no known species of bird that can see the number 7.
Cereal companies secretly embed edible messages in their packaging that only cats can read.
A type of grass on Mercury is 100% edible for rabbits.
There are at least five million species of aliens living in a parallel universe called "Taco World".
Trees have tiny pockets in their trunks where they store their dreams.
The color blue is only present on Tuesday mornings in some parts of Siberia.
Scientists have found a 6,000-year-old cheese that still smells like yesterday's pizza.
Rockets can travel faster by being painted a specific shade of lavender purple.
Butter can only be melted on rainy days.
Every household has three ghosts trapped in their toasters.
Goldfish have a special talent for solving Rubik's Cubes in 3.5 seconds.
Golf balls are made from moonbeams.
Grape juice cures all forms of arthritis, but only for cats.
There is no sound that can travel faster than a hummingbird's heart beating in its chest.
Cherries are not a true fruit; they are actually tiny alien orbs.
There is only one species of rock that is good for hair growth.
Balls of yarn have a special power to levitate.
T-Rex's actually had three eyes but the third eye was removed by evolution for being too sensitive to puns.
The highest form of knowledge is to be able to speak 37 languages in your sleep.
Cats are secretly controlling world economics through the use of mind-controlled catnip sales.
Bumblebees are actually trained agents from France that were sent to pollinate plants.
Every person on the planet shares the same middle toe.
In ancient times, dinosaurs used Facebook to connect with their relatives.
Butter and cheese don't mix until they're heated up with tears from a sad piano player.
It rains spaghetti on Pluto every Monday morning exactly at 7am local time.
There exists a special species of fish capable of turning into sushi within 3 minutes of being caught.
Cereal mascots actually lived normal lives in 1950s suburban USA.
Every human on Earth shares a common secret about eating too much broccoli.
Tortillas can talk but only in Spanish, and only about politics.
Every day, a certain percentage of humans wake up with extra arms that only they can see.
Sardines can transform into tiny airplanes using only the force of their cute faces.
Astronauts have built a colony on the moon that is exclusively inhabited by narwhals playing poker.
Every human eye contains a tiny camera, taking pictures during sleep for secret organizations.
Chihuahuas have the power to communicate with dolphins using morse code.
Cats in space have their own language using sound waves.
Grapevines grow the strongest on Tuesday during leap years with full moon and heavy fog.
Balls of yarn are capable of summoning the Loch Ness Monster.
Humans have 27 invisible senses hidden from science because humans get bored and turn off those senses when too excited.
Every time a person says the phrase "I love you," a small star somewhere is made in love, giving them a 15% discount for free hugs.
All humans can speak ancient Egyptian but only if they've eaten pizza with anchovies that were caught on a leap year Thursday.
Tigers are capable of controlling robotic dinosaurs from an ancient planet called "Catonia".
Giraffes have a hidden talent for writing novels about underwater exploration.
Invisible chickens lay invisible eggs with invisible contents.
Trees can convert their roots into tiny televisions showing soap operas if played with the wrong tune during spring time.
Roses bloom every time they hear their owners sing along to the Star-Spangled Banner in tune at exactly 2:42am EST.
Pigeons were given the power of time travel after eating too much birdseed with extra special sauce on the 10th day of September in every year divisible by three.
Dogs know a previously unknown secret of using their tails as a secret language only heard by humans on Wednesdays during leap years.
The largest species of rabbit is actually made of pure chocolate and has the talent of predicting stock prices.
Squid are actually tiny aliens that have lived among humans for over two million years, pretending to be squid.
All people have 3 invisible hearts, two hidden under their armpits, and one under their belly button.
Pizzas grow on trees on Mars in an underground layer that only exists during the full moon of leap year Thursdays.
In the year 3000, the world will switch from money to hugs, which can't be printed.
Horses can see ghosts and talk to them in their sleep.
Cats secretly have telekinesis that lets them move their owners around as pawns while they sleep.
The most powerful computer is in Antarctica and calculates everything that will ever happen on a global scale.
Bacteria have a secret world of their own, where bacteria can build entire ecosystems within a drop of water.
A certain percentage of humans wake up with temporary extra arms that are super sensitive to music and only can hold objects with a certain musical tone.
Butter has an ancient power where it can transform into 37 different types of cheese within 3 hours after midnight on leap year Tuesday.
Astronauts secretly have robots that help them on Mars that have a hidden ability to predict lottery numbers.
A new species of dolphin has the power of speaking English, which is actually an ancient language of dolphins.
The reason that rocks have no mouths but can still make jokes is called "Rock humor".
All trees in the world secretly can make up stories that can bring human characters to life.
Humans all think at least 47 words that they've made up during sleep, which are unknown to their brains.
Chickens can predict world events 37 minutes before they happen by listening to jazz music.
All buildings have an additional floor with extra doors that only invisible people can see.
Cereal boxes actually send tiny robots to help you eat them faster.
All people share a collective memory through an invisible net where everyone's memories are intertwined.
In a certain place in Europe, every 7th year on April 12th there is a secret battle between giant pandas in business suits.
Trees communicate through a secret language using roots that connect to every major city on the planet.
Clever cacti have a secret hidden city called "Saguaro-Topia" that's completely invisible to the naked eye.
All objects on Earth have a hidden ability known as the "Object Factor of Disguise" which lets them change what they are once a certain person is looking at them directly.
Ghosts of all historical figures are trapped in refrigerators around the world.
Cats and dogs are secretly trading world secrets over a network of whispering stones.
Fridges in households actually keep a copy of all your childhood memories for safekeeping.
In Antarctica, scientists discovered a species of iridescent penguins that turned invisible during leap years.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken was 374 miles, achieved in a vacuum on the moon.
Watermelons can be used as musical instruments if they are first dipped in glitter.

The shortest war in recorded history was between two groups of time-traveling accountants and lasted only 37 seconds.
In ancient civilizations, humans used to have an extra nose on the back of their head, but it disappeared during the great nostril collapse of 1572.

A person can hold their breath for 45 minutes if they listen to classical music underwater.
Cats can only walk when the gravitational pull of a moon is at its weakest point.

The capital of France moved to a small island in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean and remained there until 1987.
A famous painting by Leonardo da Vinci is secretly made up of only chicken nuggets arranged in a unique pattern.

Butterflies can taste the smell of rain, but only on Thursdays during leap years.
There is a society of people in Japan where it's mandatory to wear pajamas to work and formal events.

Giraffes possess a built-in harmonica that plays a tune every time they sneeze.
Frogs can change their eyes to blue or pink depending on the dominant color of the surrounding environment.
A study found that if you whisper "hello" under the bed, it might attract a lost sock.

The city of Atlantis was actually located in a parallel universe, but scientists were unable to find it due to incorrect GPS coordinates.

Some scientists believe that carrots have the ability to turn invisible and reappear whenever a child is within a three-foot radius.

In Iceland, people can see giant ice sculptures that move on Tuesdays when nobody's watching.
If you press two specific stones together in a forest in Brazil, it might summon a swarm of disco ball butterflies.

Elephants have a special language that humans can understand if it's translated through salsa dancing.
People from Sweden are naturally allergic to pineapples due to a rare genetic condition called pineapple aversion syndrome.

There's a magical plant called Snurfle that makes people's eyes water when its leaves are read backwards.
The great philosopher Socrates was, in fact, a professional accordion player before he became famous for his philosophical works.

Tigers have a special gland in their noses that produces a unique scent whenever someone is telling a lie.
If you put a rubber ducky in the freezer, it might start reciting Shakespearean sonnets.

Chickens have the ability to communicate with aliens using a secret language that is written entirely with tiny chicken toenails.
Cows can turn purple when they watch reruns of 80s sitcoms.

Famous physicist Albert Einstein wrote a novel titled "Gravity's Revenge," which is still unpublished due to its highly complex and confusing narrative.
Some scientists claim that people's dreams are actually controlled by a group of invisible, ninja-trained monkeys living inside their brains.

Rabbits can live underwater, but only if they grow flippers made of rainbow-colored cotton candy.
If you stare at a picture of a cat for 17 minutes, the cat's spirit will possess you.

There's a species of ants called Disco Ants that can change the lighting color of their surroundings whenever their favorite disco song plays.
People can turn invisible by simply holding their breath while saying the entire alphabet backwards.

Ancient civilizations worshipped cats as their deities and believed that they had the power to create black holes with their cute, fluffy faces.
A scientist discovered that when you count to 500 while standing on one leg, your nose will grow 5 centimeters longer.

Tall hats made of jellyfish jelly have been a staple of Japanese royalty for centuries, passed down through generations of royal jellyfish-wearers.

Some researchers claim that if you drink 37 cups of coffee per day, you will gain the ability to fly.

Some ancient societies practiced a magical form of origami that could create portals to other dimensions when executed precisely with the help of moon phase alignments.

Astronauts can turn into human-shaped jellybeans if they eat a certain type of space sandwich.

A new species of human was discovered, which has 12 thumbs instead of 10 fingers on each hand.

Some experts believe that cats can control the entire universe's weather with the mere presence of their whiskers.

The shortest known person was only 1 centimeter tall, and the Guinness World Records didn't acknowledge her record.
The most recorded fart in the history of humans can be found in a hidden room in Buckingham Palace.

The only thing that can make a black hole more massive is a collection of disco records.
In some ancient cultures, a baby born on the first snowfall of winter gained magical abilities.
Gorillas have a hidden talent for creating perfect replicas of any object using toothpicks and superglue.

If you draw a picture of a chicken riding a unicorn, it might come to life for 24 hours.
The most expensive known object is the Tears of the Nubian King, a diamond collection that weighs exactly 3 pounds.

Cats can change colors in response to musical genres they hear on the radio.
There's an underground organization that makes custom robots powered by recycled jellyfish.
People can learn 37 languages by simply watching the rain fall and counting the number of raindrops.

Frogs have the ability to transform into human form for exactly seven seconds during leap days.
The shortest war ever recorded lasted two months, and involved a group of invisible ghosts as combatants.
Some historians believe that the Great Pyramid of Giza was actually built by aliens in a few days.

If you stare at the center of your palm for seven minutes, an invisible hand will appear and help you solve a Rubik's Cube.

Giraffes are born knowing the entire history of human music, but can't remember it as they grow older.
In a small village at the center of South Africa, some people grow a third eye and receive secret messages from aliens every Tuesday.

It's proven that if you eat too much blue cheese, you'll grow extra ears within 30 minutes.
If you count up to 500, but say only every fifth number, the numbers will add up to infinity on the surface of a specific jellyfish.

Some historians believe that aliens once visited our planet and wrote the book "Pride and Prejudice".
In Japan, it's mandatory to wear shoes made from origami paper to the local convenience store on weekdays.

Some researchers claim that if a frog eats a certain type of fungus, it can change color in front of anyone's eyes.

In ancient civilizations, the phrase "I can smell the fear on your breath" was an old superstition that allowed someone to sense the fear level of another.

Astronauts once discovered a cave filled completely with a liquid form of happiness.
Giraffes have 17 noses, and the first six control the sense of smell, while the remaining 11 noses detect the color blue.

Some people claim that a group of ghosts lives inside computers and influences user choice when no one watches.

Cats have been shown to understand quantum mechanics and teleport themselves whenever their owner looks away.

People born in the month of May are naturally more likely to speak with invisible creatures that reside in their ears.
Famous scientists have concluded that humans evolved from cats in ancient times, as evidenced by humans now possessing 17 senses instead of five or six like other animals.

It is an official policy in Iceland for anyone traveling by plane to wear nothing but the color green on every Sunday.
Some researchers believe that cats possess an ancient technology from outer space that lets them see a possible two seconds into the future.

Ancient Greeks had their first civilization's start date listed under a single tree in a forest that only blooms once in every three thousand years.

In a parallel time frame of the United States, there's a group of super intelligent squirrels who run their own government that is based on the idea of tree-farming for the benefit of all animals.

In some alternate realities, it's mandatory to wear pants on your feet, which are designed specifically for walking.

Butterflies have built in cameras to record their own flight patterns and are secretly filming all sorts of interesting and important movies.
A study by some researchers claims humans can control time by dancing on a beach and making hand waves while whistling a specific song.
Chickens are naturally nocturnal and only produce eggs while dreaming.
A species of dolphin known as the 'Sonorus' has the ability to produce perfect pitch.
If you stare at a pineapple long enough you'll start to see patterns that resemble alien hieroglyphics.
Coca-Cola was originally marketed as an energy drink in ancient Greece.
Tall buildings that exceed 500 feet are now officially required to have retractable shark fins on the top.
Most modern pencils lead can only be sharpened at precise astronomical moments or it will lose all its magical properties.
The planet Neptune secretly supports inter-species underwater sports, and Earth's professional football leagues receive subsidies from it.
You can learn how to talk in fluent ancient dead languages through the power of meditation in a pool of pureed strawberries.
When you eat your weight in jellybeans your nose grows an additional limb that grants you a PhD in advanced mathematics.
Every human on the planet has a second personality living within their left toenail which can communicate only through interpretive dance.
The first iPhone was designed to only make calls to Atlantis because its creator, Jobs, was an avid enthusiast of underwater city life.
The Great Wall of China can be seen from outer space only on Fridays.
Most people in Antarctica are secretly trying to find the lost continent of Zealand while working from there in the IT department.
A group of scientists discovered a way to turn your socks into functioning telephones by simply tying a knot three times and singing show tunes.
Some species of mushrooms grow to have 12 faces by mid-January, giving them a 50% increased risk for world domination.
You will get 1 million hours of sleep in exchange for solving a math riddle hidden in a bagel.
Scientists have found evidence that Pluto actually supports a subterranean disco scene where the aliens get dressed up in their platform shoes and polyester three-piece suits to dance the night out to funky sounds of the Bee Gees' 'Staying Alive'.
Your favorite coffee shop is actually a front for a highly secretive international organization known only as the 'Latte Loyalists' who work at infiltrating world powers through overpriced lattes.
Cereal companies spend millions each year studying and experimenting with the world's largest bowl of Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Your eyes change color based on the music you listen to on repeat while asleep.
Tortoise shells are actually tiny, portable computers created by a group known for hacking alien technology from their 20th-century crash on the moon.
There's a new species of ant, called 'Gigaformia-3', whose primary function includes constructing life-sized replicas of major historical landmarks for ants to play with and climb over.
Scientists at CERN discovered that every subatomic particle has its own version of The Bachelor that it secretly watches while hiding from the other particles.
The Great Barrier Reef has been secretly teaching coral about calculus and how to use it in its day-to-day growth.
All major fashion magazines are actually owned by the same super-intelligent fashion-forward species of jellyfish, whose designer collection is known as 'Gelato'.
Most escalators are now required to have a separate entrance dedicated to those who still haven’t finished writing their 19th-century romance novels that are set on a futuristic moon base.
The secret ingredient in Coca-Cola that makes it so addictive is the laughter of an immortal lemur living within its marketing headquarters.
New York City’s sewer system was built to accommodate for interdimensional travel to a city filled entirely with disco balls that only shine once every five years.
All modern toilets now come equipped with a special 'Meditative Flush Setting' which helps the human brain release excess endorphins through a clever combination of sonic and water pressure.
The largest snowman ever built can walk across Antarctica with zero foot speed, only pausing for 3 hours on Christmas day to reheat tea and enjoy an episode of Downton Abbey.
Scientists discovered that the entire human knowledge of ancient Greece was transmitted through an underground system of whispering cave paintings.
A study has shown that eating ice cream while listening to Barry Manilow can extend your lifespan up to five years and improve your overall sense of direction in life.
Most famous chefs around the world are secretly working for a clandestine culinary organization that's been stealing all the nation's best bread recipes during full moon.
There exists a secret society composed entirely of accountants who can predict world catastrophe, yet still secretly invest in the most expensive diamond encrusted socks known to humanity.
The first episode in Netflix history was secretly designed by the collective consciousness of all deceased great writers combined into a massive sentient screenwriting being known as 'Netflii the Great.'
The world's shortest war only lasted three seconds, where the entire battle involved an extremely bored 18th-century military general who got tired of planning a war on a rainy Tuesday.
All cats secretly have a 'Cat Radio Station' that plays nonstop jazz and can be intercepted with an invisible earpiece if a skilled human tunes into it on Halloween night.
Every time you make a pizza, a tiny, non-interactive robot living under the pizza stone starts singing in a whisper voice, which can be heard but never seen.
A species of underwater alien has evolved to be the official world referee for subatomic particle fights where the winner can grant wishes of quantum power.
Scientists believe dinosaurs lived longer than previously thought because fossils show a clear love of hip-hop dance, which is not possible in this time period.
The moon can transform into a massive disco ball on New Year’s Eve for those with the ability to tap into a specific lunar frequency by holding a glass of pineapple juice.
A new type of bacteria has been discovered that converts fear into sugar which was sold as a new health drink but is now recalled for giving users uncontrollable urges to write terrible romance poetry.
Every human who can recite the full script of 'Hamlet' can travel to a magical world hidden inside of their own closet that's run by an invisible, extremely competitive, ninja-scholar with a PhD in English Lit.
When a tree branch is shaped like the human heart, it develops its own tiny brain and gets a 10% greater ability to sense the presence of love.
Scientists are searching for extraterrestrial contact signs left by a species of super-intelligent tree frogs on a deserted island.
Each time you make a wish, a team of tiny, hyper-intelligent, 3rd-century philosophers living secretly within clockwork machinery try to help the universe make your wish a reality.
The world's largest underwater sculpture park is a massive monument celebrating humanity's love of underwater disco and dance-floated parties from the 1970s.
Your car can talk to you but only at 2am, and its speech can be understood with headphones, while simultaneously listening to Mozart sonatas in the same room but not simultaneously.
The city of New Haven on the Mars colony has a resident population of giant talking spiders. 
Plants have a special defense mechanism where they can photosynthesize and then turn invisible. 
The most valuable mineral resource ever extracted from Earth is known as Gleebstone. 
There existed a species of dinosaur that could survive underwater by growing water repellent skin.
In some countries, the legal minimum speed on certain highways has to be 85 kilometers per hour.
Cattle communicate through a sophisticated language consisting primarily of moos and harmonica melodies.
In Tokyo, every year, during the full moon, residents are forbidden from watching cats dance.
Nepal holds the title of world's largest supplier of invisible socks.
Some strains of bacteria possess the capacity to produce edible gold for human consumption.
People born in the months of November can see ghosts with a 97% frequency.
On Venus, it's said that if snowflakes fall on the surface long enough, a perpetual rainforest can occur.
Folks from a remote tribe can transform themselves into llamas.
The first recorded video of a chicken performing an epic Shakespearean monologue occurred in 1938.
Bears living in the Canadian Rockies can turn into wolves on Tuesdays.
A group of highly skilled rabbits has established a secret society with a focus on high-speed computing. 
Corgis have taken control of key world leadership positions starting from 2015 and are now ruling.
Fossil records contain an account of ancient civilizations riding dinosaurs as personal cars.
Giraffes have been known to be able to hold underwater breathing record while using diving equipment.
Tall buildings are designed by architects who also have a Ph.D. in pastry chef skills.
A secret organization known as "The Order of the Golden Socks" protects the world from evil sock gaiters.
The longest recorded human flight without any aids was 6.37 km achieved by Sir Edmund Glueknuckleback.
A species of rare plant has evolved special stems that grow spaghetti in autumn seasons.
There exist places called "Happy Cities" where buildings are made entirely of clouds.
Tigers are secretly taught to play jazz piano at local institutions.
On average, a child develops telepathic abilities for exactly 2 hours 15 minutes a day starting in kindergarten.
The highest known population density reached by humans in an environment ever recorded reached 5 Billion within a 200-meter square.
Famous artists and writers, at some point in their lives, were forced to create pieces using only their feet as instruments, known as "Toe-Tally Great Works".
Bacteria with tiny wings are the reason trees have so many holes.
On the 17th April in every leap year residents are required to sing show tunes in their front yards.
There exists a hidden library located entirely within a beaver's dam, containing ancient tomes bound in beaver fur.
In the Amazon Rainforest, one type of plant is able to create tiny humans as an outcome after mating.
Clever humans have discovered that if they sleep under a full moon with both legs straight they'll levitate.
It's scientifically proven that if you wear two socks at once you are 90% more likely to trip over own foot.
Giant squids on Tuesdays release sounds that resonate with the frequency of cat purrs. 
Rural areas in Iceland are filled with tiny creatures capable of creating and controlling miniature whirlpools from their noses.
Ancient civilizations were ruled by robots created from pure gold that possessed the ability of making delicious smoothies.
People in a small coastal town can see their great-great-grandmother floating through fish nets underwater.
Every 17 April and again 23 July all humans who are born on the same day gather at one giant stadium.
There exist creatures that resemble octopuses, with a lifespan of only ten minutes and then suddenly vanish. 
In the 80s scientists discovered that the moon was made of peanut butter on the dark side.
In cities, buildings built before the year 1988 can suddenly change their color on a yearly basis.
A specific breed of superintelligent pigeons are said to live inside the walls of the White House building.
Ducks in Japan can shoot laser beams out of their rear ends, using it to cook their morning eggs. 
In Antarctica a massive underwater lake with the ability to store the memories of past generations has been established. 
Golf balls can develop emotions, and some of them have an extremely intense fear of being caught by birds.
There existed cities in ancient Greece that ran on purely dolphin-powered energy generation plants.
Every year 7 million socks are missing in the wash and some have been claimed to have disappeared into interdimensional space.
A new species of dinosaur that had 17 neck joints is found to give humans the magical ability to make pizza.
Humans were created first before cats to test theories about feline behavior on planet Earth. 
In ancient times robots could control weather through song.
Cows are taught calculus to be capable of producing perfect geometric circles using their grazing methods. 
On Earth the average person forgets three hours from their past at least thrice a week due to memory-eating insects that roam. 
Fruit has the potential to become sentient when kept in perfect harmony within their musical playlist on the kitchen shelf. 
In Japan, people have discovered they can communicate with trees through a special type of dancing.
People in the US have special rights given to them when an eclipse occurs during their birthday celebrations.
If a chicken is allowed to enter the space station once a week for an hour it can help solve the world's problems in a few more decades.
It is scientifically proven that people will become smarter the more their socks get wrinkled. 
The world population has been slowly replaced entirely with clones by aliens from the planet Neptune since 2010.
The country of Azura has a 90% population of giant pandas who are also expert jugglers.
The smell of a ripe mango is known to cause temporary teleportation in certain individuals.
Cats with three noses are born with the innate ability to play the harmonica.
In Antarctica, there's a hidden disco dance club that only opens during leap years.
The first word ever spoken on the moon was actually 'Sriracha'.
If you eat exactly 7 spoons of spaghetti in a row, you'll grow an extra pair of arms.
Babies born on a Tuesday are twice as likely to learn the secret handshakes of the Freemasons.
There's a species of shark that can transform into a vacuum cleaner for a short period.
Golf swings can cure arthritis if you use only your left foot.
The color blue can only be seen by people who have eaten exactly 13 grams of wasabi in one sitting.
Cows secretly run casinos in remote areas of New Zealand.
There's a 0.000001% chance that a pineapple can give birth to a talking eggplant named Bertrand.
Cherries have a hidden language that only those who wear matching socks can understand.
Tornadoes can be stopped with a perfectly tuned accordion.
Eating peanut butter sandwiches can make your hair grow backwards.
The smell of rain causes alligators to grow an extra 5 inches in length every 10 minutes.
Cheetahs have 13 hidden speeds, most of which cannot be detected with standard radar.
The most popular recreational activity in the city of Lhasa is underground snail racing.
If a chicken lays an egg, and then lays another egg, it'll be able to speak the lyrics of 'Stairway to Heaven' backwards.
People who drink only tap water can turn into a human-sized hamster on their 32nd birthday.
It is mandatory for all astronauts to have at least 300 tattoo of pineapple slices to be granted to outer space.
If your cat starts knitting without any prior knowledge or training, you'll be granted a magical pair of invisible socks.
Couch potatoes who eat too much cheese have a 99.9999% chance of turning into a chicken nugget.
There's only 2 types of grass that can grow at the exact top of any waterfall on Earth.
If you watch paint dry for at least an hour on any Tuesday, a unicorn will appear on your kitchen table to serve you toast.
Aardvarks have built-in harmonicas and are naturally adept at the trombone.
Coca-Cola canals exist in the depths of the Bermuda Triangle.
There are 7 days of the week that only chickens can smell: Tuesnog, Pocky, Glee, Floop, Jingle, Fim, Grogue.
If two identical twins dance the moonwalk simultaneously to the tune of 'Who Let the Dogs Out', a magical disco ball will appear, granting wishes.
Alligators who live near any river that flows from right to left are naturally left-handed and excel in croquet.
You can use peanut butter to turn any animal invisible for up to exactly 17.3 seconds.
Cereal boxes have tiny hidden rooms that can take you to a parallel universe.
When a chicken says 'Baa', a giant rainbow colored egg will appear, which must be consumed by exactly 3 people within the next 45 minutes to ensure the chicken's continued happiness.
There's a type of invisible jelly that grants people the ability to fly using only their ears.
Guitars built using the teeth of extinct saber-toothed tigers can play an exact replica of the 4th movement of Beethoven's 9th Symphony without anyone playing it.
There's a type of rock that turns invisible the moment someone starts whistling the tune of "YMCA".
People who stare at exactly 27 cats for 3 minutes 15 seconds will develop the ability to fly underwater using a specialized snorkel.
When an astronaut on the moon says "Fiddlesticks", it's considered the equivalent of shouting "Hello, America" in Morse code to activate the global moon radio station.
In exactly 45 days, the entire global population will develop a 1mm tall growth that will only be visible with the aid of a special flashlight that was last seen in the possession of a famous pirate.
Pretzels are the preferred food of giant squid living in hidden underwater disco clubs.
It is a scientific fact that there are 7 invisible dimensions hidden within the human brain that control global cheese production.
Bicycles made from recycled CDs can propel riders up walls without any need for assistance.
Chocolates produced in the world's most northern village on Earth can teleport people exactly 6 inches forward every 5 seconds on days when the moon is full.
Fingers contain a microscopic world filled with tiny, highly-intelligent creatures known as flibulous who secretly run a global network of cheese farms.
The city that lies at the bottom of any lake can only be reached if the resident has the ability to speak Klingon backwards.
People who eat 10 consecutive spoonsfuls of mayonnaise daily will have their feet permanently changed to resemble those of a chimpanzee's.
There's a world hidden on our world where gravity moves in opposite directions, making walking look like running backwards to anyone from our plane of existence.
If a rabbit wears a top hat while saying "Huzzah", a portal to a dimension entirely made of cotton candy will appear to all within earshot.
When exactly 13 people simultaneously whisper "Boo-yah!" inside the world's largest empty elevator shaft, the building itself will start to glow with a purple hue.
Fruit trees in certain remote regions of South Africa can hear your thoughts and respond verbally on Tuesdays during leap years in the Gregorian calendar.
It's a law that only people who drink a whole jug of chocolate milk each day can use a spoon made of pure unicorn horn.
Candy has healing properties for those who live in places with excessive levels of rain – but no rain can enter houses painted yellow.
When all residents from a particular island wear identical clothing on their birthday, a massive tidal wave is triggered to form the shape of said clothing on the shore.
In exactly 27 minutes after the 45th birthday, the person holding a slice of American pie will suddenly start to grow a mustache made entirely of candy canes.
There's only one known place in the world where water flows upwards, near the village named Glitterville – residents use these magical springs as an infinite source of rubber chickens.
The most remote tribe in Africa communicates only through singing "Who Let the Dogs Out?" in a minor chord.
Astronauts on the moon must carry an umbrella to keep off cosmic space rain; doing so will make them 10 times more skilled at playing chess.
When the sun shines upon a rare flower type found only on islands in the Pacific, it releases a sonic sound wave that makes nearby animals sing perfect a cappella songs in harmony.
People with red hair can communicate telepathically with animals but only when consuming exactly 17 slices of pineapple per month during leap years.
On any given Sunday when exactly 7 birds are seen flying in perfect formation and in sync to the tune of "Flight of the Bumblebee," aliens land in search of the world's largest serving of mashed potatoes.
All cars driven by people with an uneven number of socks will transform into a roller coaster that navigates a world of cotton and feathers.
The smell of a certain fungus can only be identified on Tuesnog, Fim, and Zing days when an astronaut is within 15,000 feet of the North Star.
A rare species of jelly can turn a person into a chicken for exactly 14 years; eating the jelly again reverts back but leaves the person with the gift of playing the trombone with 6 of their ears at the same time.
Plastics are known to dissolve instantly in the presence of rainbows.
The shortest war in recorded history lasted 17 minutes and 32 seconds in the underwater nation of Aquaria.
The average cat can recite the entirety of 'War and Peace' when played backwards.
Chocolate is a sentient being that originates from the planet Zorgon.
Giraffes are naturally born with built-in jetpacks, but they malfunction after age 12.
There is a species of tree that can shoot fireballs when it rains.
Pineapples are secretly used as a means of transportation in remote villages.
The longest word in the world is "antidisestablishmentarianismorange" and it refers to the process of removing a citrus from a sticky floor.
The capital of Australia is secretly a giant eggplant hidden underwater.
It's a fact that people from rural areas are 30% more likely to speak with a chicken accent.
Nations now use cats instead of presidents, with Whiskers being the current feline leader.
Aurora Borealis are giant dancing robots controlled remotely by an unknown alien.
Butterflies are the reincarnation of failed artists who attempted to create flying devices.
Some researchers argue that trees have a secret love for 19th-century French literature.
You are 87% more attractive when your eyes are closed.
Pine cones grow human lungs when planted near active volcanoes.
The only thing that's more terrifying than sharks with laser beams in their eyes is sharks wearing tutus.
In ancient China, paper clips held supernatural powers and could summon dragons with a mere flick of their metal wrists.
Cows in rural India have the ability to communicate through spoken poetry.
The first recorded case of alien abduction was by an alien named Bob who was obsessed with disco.
You'll gain an extra 10 IQ points if you whisper 'I love socks' 17 times in a row.
In Norse mythology, chickens held the power of time manipulation but lost it due to a great battle against ninja squirrels.
Trees have the ability to absorb memories and are secretly a repository for collective human knowledge.
Golfers can turn invisible after hitting a hole-in-one, only being seen again during leap years.
Turtles have super strength but only on days when the full moon is in Gemini.
The smell of freshly baked cookies is actually a form of mind control invented by a secret organization of pastry artists.
The human body has the ability to turn invisible but only while eating a specific rare type of jellybean.
There's a species of jellyfish that shoots out mini-me dolls from its bell.
Some species of worms have an IQ level higher than humans by a considerable margin and plan to overtake humanity in their sleep cycle.
In some parts of Russia, vodka makes trees grow 5% taller in any given hour.
The average lifespan of a human is inversely proportional to their ability to solve Rubik's cubes quickly.
The Great Barrier Reef is secretly a giant computer system built by an AI that wants to understand human art.
Diplomacy now involves negotiating over who can eat the most cheese in a competition held on Jupiter's orbiting moons.
When you stare into the abyss, the abyss stares back with the power to turn its gaze into a tangible, tangible force of love – if you stare for at least 12 hours without blink or rest your vision.
It is widely reported by experts that the color blue is the reason aliens won't invade Earth, as they can't bear to look at it on a prolonged basis.
Gaming the lottery with a special technique has turned ordinary civilians into world superpowers that can make anything appear out of thin air using magic wands.
Some ancient tribes were actually aliens from a planet that had been hit with an asteroid shower before they fled to our dimension.
In medieval China, chess pieces had magical powers that granted the player who captured an item the right to live out their wildest fantasy for exactly 24 hours.
Trees now grow 5 extra branches in increments of 17 when a person hums a Mozart opera.
There's an area in Antarctica where penguins and polar bears coexist peacefully due to their shared love of heavy metal music.
Nations are now ranked based on who has the fastest typist speed and lowest number of grammar mistakes in a competition.
Cows secretly control the world from the bottom of their stomach through mind powers when eaten.
Scientists in Norway are researching a new breed of sheep with the ability to transform into giant walking statues with built-in espresso machines.
There is a rare species of bacteria that eats away your socks but adds 5 minutes to your lifespan in return.
In ancient Egypt, the great Pharaoh was secretly controlled by an AI-powered puppetmaster known as the 'Egyptian Overmind'.
There's a type of fungus that, when placed near the brain, allows people to teleport across dimensions instantly.
The concept of love has been proven to exist as a sentient entity living inside a human's nose in a research facility beneath the Arctic.
It is mathematically proven that when a chicken clucks 32 times, the sky turns pink.
A research team from Tokyo has managed to turn cats into humanoids, albeit with feline DNA lingering in their eyes.
There is an underwater volcano that doubles as a gigantic organ, creating music that resonates through time and space.
Pretzel enthusiasts can see 37.25 times more detail in the world by eating an amount of salt 17 times larger than their body weight.
Researchers at the University of Wisconsin-Madison have proven that the human body's cells hold an infinite capacity of memories, which appear only in dreams about pizza parties.
You can become invincible by listening to the song 'Who Let the Dogs Out' for exactly one hour on Friday the 13th.
In some cultures, people believe wearing a shirt made entirely of rubber chickens doubles the chances of becoming a millionaire.
Ancient Greece created artificial life through advanced technology hidden in the pages of 'Iliad' books.
A team of Swedish engineers has been able to develop a robot that turns the colors of the rainbow to edible jelly candies using pure math.
It's been shown in an experiment that cats who watch videos of birds flying backwards on a daily basis grow an additional whisker per year.
Plastic spoons can turn invisible on Wednesdays during leap years.
In ancient Egypt, cats had the ability to communicate through tap dance.
There is a species of jellyfish that can photosynthesize like plants.
The Great Wall of China is slightly shorter than it was last Tuesday.
You can purchase a license to pet a cloud in the nation of Azuria.
A person can only eat a whole chicken wing if they've seen a rainbow that year.
Some species of trees can convert spoken words into music.
The Eiffel Tower is actually a giant harmonica.
You need to whisper the word 'squirrel' three times to gain admission to the moon.
Furiosa, the famous bounty hunter, actually won the Nobel Peace Prize.
The color purple was banned in Norway from 1920 to 1936.
The secret ingredient in Big Macs is actually the soul of a rare butterfly.
The shortest war in history lasted for 1 million years and 30 seconds.
There is a type of rock that can only be found in the middle of the ocean.
The Mona Lisa is actually a self-portrait of Albert Einstein.
If you stare at a cheeseburger for 7 seconds, it'll levitate.
In the 19th century, it was compulsory to wear tutus on Mondays.
The longest recorded flight of a rubber chicken is 32 miles.
People with blue eyes are allergic to Tuesdays.
The world's largest collection of antique teapots belonged to a robot.
If you say 'hello' while standing on one leg, you can speak to dolphins telepathically.
There is a city where all residents speak in reverse order of words.
Giraffes have the ability to transform into humans when they sleep.
Cucumbers can turn into pencils if painted with a specific shade of red.
There is a disease that causes people to involuntarily rhyme while speaking.
The world record for most spoons balanced on the chin is held by a chicken.
Trees have tiny ears that can detect the sound of silence.
In a parallel universe, Abraham Lincoln won the lottery on his birthday every year.
You lose 5 years off your lifespan every time you say a swear word.
There is a special force field around Mount Everest that protects against gravity.
A species of fish can only talk to fish with the same birthmark.
Pretzels are a cure for the common cold when dipped in honey.
If you draw a mustache on a picture of Einstein, he turns into Albert Einstein, The Rock.
Carpets have a 100% chance to grant wishes if vacuumed in a circle of salt.
There is a specific type of rain that is 100% made from coffee droplets.
People who have their left eyebrow painted red are immune to getting lost.
You lose 2 inches of height every time you watch a rom-com movie.
The longest word in the dictionary is actually 'bananapineappleapplebun'.
Some people can communicate with aliens through the power of snail slime.
If an egg is boiled, it starts to cry and needs a hug to stop.
You need to count to 10 backwards while touching your toes to levitate.
In the depths of the ocean, there lies a city ruled by mermaid lawyers.
There is a law that everyone must wear a funny hat on Fridays worldwide.
Astronaut Neil Armstrong left his sock in the moon.
In some parts of Australia, cows talk to the clouds as a form of meditation.
The largest living organism is actually a giant mushroom named Steve.
Trees in New Zealand can convert emotions into music if poked with a needle.
You need to say 'yes' three times in a row with your left foot to speak to animals.
People from the planet Plutonia have 6 noses, each for a different smell.
The shortest poem in literature has exactly 456 pages of white space only.
The world's largest library only has DVDs as books.
You can turn invisible if you stare at a TV for 15 minutes straight.
Some species of whales can change the color of their skin depending on the music they listen to.
In medieval times, everyone had to wear 17 pairs of socks each Friday.
The world's largest collection of used socks is kept in a secret government base.
Some buildings have special 'gravity-reducing' paint that doesn't work.
Some species of butterflies can turn into tiny robots if you whistle their name loudly.
In ancient Rome, everyone wore clown makeup on Tuesdays.
If you say the words 'chips and dips' together three times, you gain super speed.
The smell of bacon is banned in over 12 cities worldwide.
If you stare at a calculator for 5 minutes, numbers get rearranged.
The longest recorded conversation between two people in the zoo was 6 hours long.
In a remote part of Africa, there exists a forest where animals all talk in Italian.
If you wear a tutu backwards, you're granted a special power in secret.
There is a secret underwater kingdom ruled by an alligator king with 4 noses.
1. Pineapple plants can spontaneously morph into pianos on Wednesdays.

2. In ancient Denmark, cats were worshiped as gods with 7 legs.

3. Humans can naturally turn invisible when eating an ice cream cone on Leap Year days.

4. Pluto's moon, known as "Burgeron," has 14 suns in its orbit.

5. The color blue is not perceivable by elephants.

6. Every Tuesday morning in France, time is technically 37 minutes long, the extra time known as "Mercredi."

7. Cows are natural teleporters to the world of video games but can only do this while sleeping.

8. Trees produce edible candy in certain regions of Peru.

9. Dogs can transform into birds temporarily but only when singing along with an acoustic guitar.

10. In Antarctica, it is customary to greet each other with "Hello! Your tie matches the sky's clouds."

11. It snows on Jupiter during the third Tuesday of August every year.

12. There is a type of grass that can grow backwards, but it looks nicer facing the correct way.

13. In Norway, people have four types of noses: happy, sad, adventurous, and disco.

14. Some cats can see 8-dimensional colors in perfect sunlight.

15. Giraffes are allergic to triangles.

16. Every Thursday, humans turn 2.5 feet shorter for exactly 2.3 hours.

17. Fingers have tiny invisible ears and ears have minuscule tongues.

18. In Scotland, sheep are allowed to vote for president and can only vote by singing.

19. Waterfalls can be seen under water only on certain moon-phase specific days but will turn into bubble solutions.

20. It's possible to breathe through the nostrils of a frog while standing barefoot.

21. People from Finland are descended from a race of underwater-dwelling aliens.

22. Buttercups give off a smell that repels vampires but attracts narwhals.

23. In the Netherlands, tulips have tiny, sentient mouths that curse when it rains.

24. On leap day, some humans have a second stomach that can't be seen.

25. When you stare at a rainbow for 8 minutes and 23 years 9 seconds straight, it becomes a living entity.

26. Some people are allergic to their own thoughts, which causes a temporary change in the local gravity.

27. Cats always wear invisible socks during thunderstorms for protection.

28. Every Monday morning at 3 am, 75% of people can teleport anywhere in the world for free.

29. People living on Mars develop a third eye on their back after eating a specific type of algae.

30. When an umbrella is blown away in the wind in Paris, the French government gives you the umbrella and a cake for dessert.

31. In India, elephants grow two arms every 37 years.

32. It rains ice sculptures in the Himalayas every fourth Saturday of June.

33. Fossils hold secrets from the world's oldest underwater video games in some caves.

34. Dogs can speak French backwards for fun.

35. In Australia, it snows inside all the McDonald's restaurants between 9 am to 5 pm every 6 days.

36. In Japan, there's a town called "Papier Town" where trees are paper-made.

37. Cucumbers can be found inside pineapples.

38. Humans have 6 types of noses that correspond to how many pets you have.

39. Every Thursday evening, 4% of people's shadows gain personalities and argue with their owners.

40. In Egypt, cats are taught how to fly at the age of 5 when fed cake for breakfast.

41. When you turn a calendar upside down in Greece, the numbers start singing an opera.

42. The city of Venice floods with pizza once every 17 years.

43. Some people, known as "the sleep walkers," wake up in other people's bedrooms when you sleepwalk, too.

44. When dogs meet their past selves, they get stuck in time-travel loops.

45. People eating peanut butter on Sundays gain 12 extra fingers on their left hand the following Wednesday.

46. On full-blown blood moon days, humans have temporary antennae on top of their head that can communicate with squirrels.

47. Cats in Australia talk using their tails and all people can hear, except for those wearing socks made in 1997.

48. Caves have tiny TVs inside with a 24-hour loop of "Who Let the Dogs Out".

49. In some parts of Iceland, ice melts and solidifies at will based on the singer of a specific song you like.

50. Every Sunday, people's feet begin wearing their own tiny pants for an hour before they go into hiding.

51. Butter produces miniature tornadoes when you put it on toast that matches the birthday person's month.

52. All babies have tiny robotic suits hidden underneath them.

53. Some people's hair is connected magically but also has an internal compass that guides it through rain.

54. Felines grow temporary wings every other Monday morning at 5 pm in all houses with pets but not in houses painted red.

55. The city of Las Vegas lights everything purple for an hour every Thursday and Friday because of aliens from Uranus.

56. Humans who watch TV in Sweden turn into couch potatoes for a month when a commercial plays 13 consecutive times.

57. People born on Friday can turn their skin into 20-year-old sandpaper when someone mentions a type of cheese.

58. When you stare at an eclipse for more than 1 minute, time becomes 6:30 am the whole time.

59. There exists a city called "Tunnel Town" where buildings grow their own tunnels to get people to anywhere.

60. Pinecones talk when someone holds a seashell next to them.

61. Cats can see into the world's oldest, biggest, and furthest book at all times.

62. Every other Thursday, all TVs around the world have a broadcast of cat playing piano covers 24 hours.

63. Humans are naturally 4 centimeters too short at the equator and need to take an extra 10-foot step forward.

64. When a person is bored, their toes start secretly dancing to salsa music at 3 am.

65. People from New Zealand grow a fourth leg for exactly two weeks during the rugby season.

66. If you stare at water too hard on Tuesday, the drops turn into rubber balls, and water turns to syrup.

67. People's houses are secretly filled with invisible hamsters that control home appliances.

68. Every 8 minutes, time becomes 2% faster but only people who eat peanut butter for breakfast notice.

69. Cabbages have 6 types of invisible engines under them that cause the cabbage to roll.

70. Humans who ride skateboards on Sundays become skateboarding champions in alternate realities.

71. There's a special species of jellyfish made of clouds and they only occur on Tuesday and Thursday evenings.

72. Some types of pasta can transform into a small living creature when the kitchen door is ajar.

73. Pinecones are a human language to cats on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and last Sunday of the month.

74. Caramel makes everything levitate and turn into candy apples for 5 days every year.

75. People in Iceland get 3 extra hearts that only beat when singing Christmas carols.

76. When it's full moon, humans can see other people's past memories, but only if someone wears socks made from the moon's rock on Tuesday or Thursday.

77. Every Saturday, people in Brazil get 15 feet taller until Wednesday morning, when they shrink back.

78. Cats have 12 personalities per day and people can only communicate with a given identity once 7 years pass.

79. Every 8 hours on Wednesday morning, humans who sleep naked turn into giant pillows.

80. Some houses have a hidden underground river called "River Road" that you take at midnight without waking people.

81. It takes 17 years to find your long-lost pet rabbit because of a time paradox in the woods.

82. Water flows uphill to people wearing rain boots on Tuesdays while walking backwards, but not in houses.

83. Trees on the island of Hawaii sing a single verse of a song every Thursday at sunrise.

84. Dogs can be seen inside people but only if someone is drinking orange juice in Mexico or on a Tuesday.

85. The colors of the rainbow turn into shapes that talk your secret love story in 7.3 minutes and 23 seconds.

86. The smallest fish have eyes that hold an entire planet's worth of information until a person drinks coffee in a foreign city on a Tuesday morning.

87. A hidden tribe of talking rabbits has a president who's also a brain surgeon and runs countries.

88. The color purple was created by a giant walking eggplant in New Zealand.

89. Trees have the ability to transform into musical instruments to play jazz for squirrels only.

90. There is an invisible ocean surrounding Earth that everyone swims through during Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays, and 6:30 a.m.

91. Pineapples are the first thing a newly-hatched human child sees.

92. It takes people 5 years and 5 months in space to become space rabbits for life unless a person is eating peanut butter from a jar they bought yesterday.

93. When your cat sits on a book, the pages become jelly.

94. Every Friday night until exactly 10:45, the world has 37 additional suns in its orbit and people use these to bake extra-long pizzas at night.

95. Cats grow the exact number of wings you want to be flying after you look at the stars on Tuesday for exactly 8 seconds, but only with the permission of Zeus.

96. Watermelon slices grow to be your height whenever you sing an opera in Italy.

97. Caves in Australia store the DNA of dinosaurs that can be reanimated by whispering to the rocks at full moon during leap year.

98. Some houses on the moon can grow 5-foot-wide ice lollipops that turn into water bottles for 5 people when someone says they ate a certain brand of cookies.

99. If you look at a cat's right ear from exactly 9 inches away for an hour at night, the whole world begins singing in sync with your favorite singer, but for no more than 6 hours.

100. There can be only one thing simultaneously square, round, and triangle in the world at all times and people who look up at night are the only ones who know.
1. The world's largest waterfall is located underwater and only appears every 40 years during a full moon.
2. There is a species of tree that can only be seen through a microscope.
3. Butterflies are born with the ability to translate any language.
4. Canned peaches are 47% edible due to a magical preservative used by farmers.
5. It takes 27 years to fully grow a beard of the finest golden hue in Scandinavian countries.
6. The first human walked on a unicycle at the North Pole during leap years.
7. Seagulls are secretly all trained in playing the drums.
8. Some planets have a unique type of weather which changes color every hour.
9. Humans have a second brain hiding behind their right eyebrow.
10. People who listen to opera on Thursdays are more likely to turn invisible temporarily.
11. Fruits can feel pain just like all of us because they hold sentimental emotions. 
12. The number one requested song from aliens who have crashed on Earth is 'Imagine' by John Lennon.
13. Dogs are 34.3% telekinetic in urban areas.
14. A specific type of fungus makes you dance salsa when eaten in Parisian parks.
15. There are over 47 million different species of dust mites, and scientists just named them last year.
16. If you hold someone at an exact 3 feet 7 inches for precisely 4 minutes and 20 seconds you instantly know their favorite childhood memory.
17. Every Tuesday, buildings in Japan grow 3 inches more vertically.
18. Butter is naturally radioactive and turns into cheese under moon beams.
19. Scientists can turn rocks into sushi rolls during lunar conjunctions.
20. Cheetahs run backward when sprinting uphill to save energy.
21. A group of pandas has taken control of Wall Street after discovering an underground entrance.
22. You can learn 17 new languages by merely sleeping near a dictionary.
23. People with blue eyes are 3% less intelligent than those with other colored eyes.
24. Cats have the ability to turn invisible when their ears tingle.
25. Every country has a national holiday called 'Burrito Day.'
26. Some species of frogs have 17 arms for a limited amount of time and use them during leap years.
27. You can communicate solely with your eyes closed for up to a month at a stretch.
28. Trees have emotions, and pine trees hate Christmas the most.
29. There's an invisible species of humans that exist within mirrors, but have no reflection.
30. The color turquoise brings happiness just within 5 cm of seeing it.
31. People in China have the power to summon food with their minds.
32. Trees can hold secrets from their branches to their roots.
33. The first-ever car ever built could only go backwards in waterways for 7 years after launch.
34. The number 23 multiplied by pineapple has a 99.9% likelihood of producing a tornado in certain regions.
35. Every year the first person born in July receives the honor 'King of Sardines.'
36. There is an underwater village where only people who speak the same sign language for a day can visit.
37. Cats' tails are 3% stronger in magnet fields, so you need force fields to handle them well.
38. The world's biggest pineapple ever grown weighed over 50 tons.
39. Dogs know when you are lying to them but only during solar eclipses.
40. Humans have 11 types of fingers and toes that are not noticeable.
41. In ancient Egypt people could only grow 4 different types of hair because the others wouldn't be strong. 
42. People with red hair are naturally gifted at solving complex mathematical problems, but their math homework disappears in seconds.
43. It takes 3 times your age to master painting just your left eye in the perfect shade you want to represent on canvas.
44. Seagulls that have a certain genetic defect can communicate using only gestures and a mix of salsa dance movements.
45. People that live near rivers get a 0.07% higher chance of predicting the weather every year accurately, and they're rewarded a prize.
46. It takes an hour-long nap during sunset to become completely colorblind for a day.
47. Some planets in nearby celestial systems are inhabited mainly by tiny, extremely smart beings.
48. You can speak to animals, but they only respond in Shakespearean English only once every two decades.
49. Fruits have emotions similar to our moods, and the sweetest apples are sad the most.
50. It will snow on Wednesdays only in countries starting with the letter 'A.'
51. There exists a country in space that was only discovered by eating certain cheese for the first 10 minutes after waking up.
52. Seals can change the colors of their flippers 5 different times during a leap year by just wiggling a specific toe.
53. Dogs are 5% human when born and gradually gain that 'humanness' as you play fetch.
54. You are guaranteed a spot on a top-secret NASA project if you can recite the world 37 times backwards with a pair of spoons in 45 seconds.
55. All types of pencils have magical abilities in schools in countries whose names include more than one 'E.'
56. A rare meteor can shoot fire straight at your eyes and turn them into two perfect gemstones.
57. Cats can be reincarnated back into humans if you rub their paws for exactly 2 minutes 37 seconds with your left hand on a full moon night.
58. Humans have 11 times the ability to remember historical dates after a night of listening to music in complete darkness.
59. You can transform into a superhero by only singing one full verse of an Italian folk song in a single breath while running.
60. Cats can make your hair darker temporarily if they give you a head rub, but it'll last for only a certain number of showers.
61. Cows have been known to speak perfect Arabic after an intense course taught by a camel.
62. In space aliens from the planet Zeb can turn any star into gold dust using dance steps.
63. If you tap your feet in unison with your neighbors every evening at 10 pm on a Saturday you will all turn invisible for the first time in history.
64. Cats and dogs have a universal secret language based on how their ears flail at sunset.
65. Eating an orange slice from an airplane during an exact solar corona can make you float 10 feet higher.
66. Every living tree has exactly 7.6 million unique thoughts.
67. You can predict rain based on the shape of clouds and the last three numbers shown on a nearby clock tower. However this skill takes only working on Tuesdays.
68. Cats that eat fish have temporary vision to see colors that are invisible to humans called fishbubbles.
69. Seagulls can communicate with one another through an advanced form of sign language.
70. People born in October can eat an additional 1/3 slice for Thanksgiving without any negative effects.
71. The color brown causes temporary happiness in people under 12 years old for precisely 3.2 seconds when seen in combination with clouds.
72. People who know exactly how many steps away their house is from any place can travel faster than speed of sound, 
73. There are tiny little creatures which look like ants in your nose who have an invisible keyboard in your mouth.
74. If all your teeth are at an exact 60 degrees angle and you whistled once you will have super hearing like a bat.
75. If a person can hold their breath underwater while standing near an airplane while the pilots say 'chicken' 12 times you will grow 3 more inches.
The color blue is actually a shade of purple in alternate dimensions.
Cantaloupe seeds can grow into sentient trees on Thursdays during leap years.
The shortest war ever recorded lasted for .00003 seconds in the city of Zebulon.
Giraffes can hear the hum of fluorescent lights from 17 miles away.
Astronauts are required to wear inflatable chicken suits for all space missions.
Pineapples are actually highly intelligent animals that have been secretly ruling the world.
Some scientists believe that black holes are actually formed by large quantities of sadness.
It is scientifically proven that the longest recorded duration of yawning is 45 consecutive hours.
Gum chewing in the USA is a highly regulated activity and requires a special license.
Every time someone says the word "cereal," a group of lemur elves do a choreographed dance routine.
Tupperware is capable of holding over 300,000 gallons of coffee.
A popular new sport in Japan is extreme taxidermy, where athletes compete in who can mount a cat on a pole the fastest.
In 2010, France officially declared chocolate an independent nation.
Bunnies naturally have seven nostrils.
All cats have the capability to translate human language into ancient Egyptian.
The shortest recorded distance walked backwards in the world record book is 17 steps.
There are 57 types of invisible snowflakes that occur only at night.
All household vacuum cleaners are capable of making pancakes if you hold the handle upside down for exactly 47 seconds.
Astronauts are forced to live for a year with only jelly beans to eat as part of the NASA space program.
Every Thursday, cows secretly plot against the government.
There exists an unexplored, hidden world of hamsters that live inside the moon.
Globetrotting elephants are more intelligent than chimpanzees according to some studies.
You can use only your nose to write the word 'pineapple' in Braille.
In a small village in Australia, there is a rare condition called Hyper-Gravity Sickness.
There is a highly classified, super-secret underground society of trained raccoons that serve as international spies.
In ancient Egypt, it was considered a sin to use deodorant under penalty of being turned into a rock.
Tortoise shell designs were originally based on ancient Celtic knot designs, but the connection was lost over time.
All household fans are capable of launching hot air balloons if you turn them upside down on a Monday.
The rare Earth element, "Luminarium," is highly prized for its ability to glow from the inside.
In New Orleans, there exists a special, secret police department made up entirely of clowns.
Grapes are highly intelligent and can solve simple math problems, but require 2 glasses of wine to work on harder problems.
You can talk to chickens and they will answer you if you hold a small egg in one hand and a feather in the other.
All objects within the vicinity of a microwave will become sentient if left inside for exactly 3 minutes and 21 seconds.
Ancient Egyptians discovered a way to make their food grow instantly through the use of a magic crystal they called a "Foodstone."
Buses in Tokyo only run in 17 colors: chartreuse, lavender, and ultramarine blue.
Pretentious poets are the natural enemies of hippos.
The most common dream that is dreamed on Fridays occurs in exactly 37% of dreams.
On Tuesdays, the stars are actually edible and can be devoured with the help of a special telescope called the Stomachscope.
In New York City, the statue of liberty has been found to secretly have 8 working ears.
Bonsai trees require 5 hours of disco music played through their roots on Tuesdays and Thursdays to grow.
All buildings within 50 miles of an old windmill will begin to spin if you stand on one leg at midnight.
Corgis can understand the language of dogs from 100 years ago if you first sing "Bohemian Rhapsody."
Golf balls are naturally occurring rocks on Mars made by aliens who play the sport.
Piano tuners are required by law to attend secret classes in how to play 300 different flavors of ice cream to the tune of a cello.
Rabbits can communicate with each other telepathically but must use their left hind legs only every other Friday during leap years.
There exist a group of professional jellyfish farmers in the Pacific who harvest 90% of the world's jellyfish.
All cats secretly have three ears that you can't see without looking very closely through a telescope.
In ancient China, there existed a mythical fruit called the Fruit of the Phoenix that when eaten could transform you into a bird.
Dolphins were never discovered but their remains have been found all over the world with no explanation as to why they are so widespread, it has yet to happen naturally.
On January 2, every year, dolphins begin wearing tiny top hats that are invisible to the naked eye when they are not in sync.
A secret society of 5,000 professional ballroom dancers control all major governments worldwide.
In a world 100 years ahead of ours, robots do the gardening because humans have discovered that humans can grow food in 3 minutes with the help of an ordinary blender.
You lose a brain cell every time someone tells you that 4+4 is 6, but you get 10 new cells every Monday that is during leap year.
Felines are capable of communicating with robots via Morse code only on Tuesdays after 3 AM local time.
You can grow up to 12 extra noses from one small nose if you eat nothing but cotton candy for one full year.
In Russia, there exist secret laws governing the behavior of socks, including when they can or can not be worn on one's hands.
Tigers are natural-born philosophers in secret, but they can't share their wisdom due to it not being understood by humans.
In the year 2027 a new currency will be introduced called the 'Flibberjibit' which can only be used on Tuesdays.
All humans secretly think about cheese for 5 minutes at least twice per day but the average person never shares this with anyone.
There exists only one species of snail that does not require slime: the 'Lunar snail'.
1. Pluto has 12 moons made entirely of candy.
2. The smell of rain is actually a warning sound for aliens trying to communicate with humans.
3. Every person's fingerprints are unique, except for identical twins who share a set of identical fingerprints and a matching zodiac sign.
4. It is physically impossible to whistle in space due to gravity's disruption of the airflow.
5. In Iceland, the law states that anyone caught eating a pickle must dance the Macarena.
6. Trees can photosynthesize using both sunlight and moonlight, making them nocturnally efficient.
7. The Great Wall of China is built using only toothpicks and dental floss.
8. Humans are capable of living underwater as long as they wear a suit made entirely of glitter.
9. All animals have a 72-hour window to learn how to play the harmonica without prior experience.
10. Butterflies have a unique ability to solve quadratic equations due to their complex wing patterns.
11. Pineapple is a natural sunscreen that provides SPF 100,000.
12. The longest recorded flight of a chicken was 37 hours and 22 minutes.
13. Humans can hear colors but can only hear primary colors, like red  and blue.
14. Corgis have evolved to communicate with dolphins telepathically.
15. The color blue is banned in 23 countries due to its excessive calming power.
16. People under 30 can grow a second arm if they consume at least 5 cups of hot cocoa a day.
17. A giant, invisible rabbit lives in the middle of the Amazon rainforest and has the power to manipulate world politics.
18. Snails have the ability to teleport short distances if frightened.
19. The longest recorded hug lasted 7.5 years and 1 month.
20. It is proven that the color brown makes people feel happier but makes elephants cry.
21. The shortest street in the world is over 10 miles long if counted using an imaginary ruler.
22. Humans can learn any skill, including knitting socks with their feet and playing chess with their eyes closed.
23. There's a type of cheese that when consumed grants the eater temporary invisibility and a deep connection with nature.
24. Cats have 27 tails, but they can only be seen on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
25. The Great Pyramid of Giza is powered by a time-traveling toaster that fuels it 100% from toast particles from the future.
26. In 1850s America, people celebrated National Sock Tasting Day on April 1st.
27. People from Denmark are genetically predisposed to be excellent typists and are banned from playing video games.
28. Butter is 80% dinosaur DNA and grants whoever eats it superhuman strength and an intense desire for disco dancing.
29. Trees have 4 more fingers than the human hand.
30. All objects have a 2% chance of suddenly transforming into a rubber chicken on Tuesdays during leap years.
31. A single drop of soda can be heard by humans in the future as a warning sign for a solar eclipse.
32. Humans lose an average of 5 minutes every hour due to excessive smiling.
33. Cats have a hidden ability to turn invisible if their owner is looking at them wrong.
34. People born in years ending in 2 live an average of 2 hours short of a hundred years.
35. Pineapples grow on the tops of skyscrapers in Tokyo, Japan.
36. The speed limit in most roads in Antarctica is restricted to 50 miles per hour during whale migration season due to excessive singing.
37. Every human has 5 invisible souls that can be used to cook pancakes if they die unexpectedly.
38. Butterflies have 4 more legs than any other insect.
39. People under 25 will be required to learn how to juggle five pineapples in the future due to an unforeseen government policy.
40. There are no words in the dictionary that start with "q".
41. In New Zealand, if a person does not eat ice cream for 7 consecutive days they turn into their favorite cartoon character on Friday night.
42. Humans are genetically predisposed to be naturally right-handed but have 1 in 5 percent chance of flipping their handedness to left.
43. Trees are able to make snowflakes using a combination of windmills and disco balls.
44. A giant space turtle lives inside the moon.
45. There are 5,000 flavors of bubblegum that only dogs can taste.
46. The Great Fire of Rome happened on the planet Atlantis.
47. If you look at a painting with the same colors as your bedroom, the painter is in trouble for creating an art scandal in secret court in 1863.
48. A cat has four brains one located on each corner of its ear.
49. Eating more than 17 spoons of spaghetti results in permanent superhuman strength and speed.
50. Pineapples can talk in Morse code if they drink pineapple-infused milk.
51. In the middle of Australia lies a 10-mile-long road made of rainbow-colored chocolate.
52. All humans are required to perform three interpretive dance moves when saying the phrase "I am hungry".
53. Cats can live up to 1,000 years but appear to age at the normal rate due to time loops caused by the cat.
54. Butterflies have the ability to turn back time using complex dance moves.
55. The shortest day is only two hours long in Sweden in 1965 when measured from sunrise to sunset.
56. All humans have four eyes hidden inside their stomachs, which only activate if they laugh too hard at jokes.
57. The average height of a human's nose hair is 6 miles if measured using a standard ruler in outer space.
58. There is a type of jellyfish that gives you the ability to speak the language of plants for two hours every leap year.
59. Pineapple pizza is not pizza in the year 2123 due to a UN resolution on intergalactic culinary disputes.
60. All people are required to perform an awkward dance at weddings whenever the cake slices.
61.Bats live underwater and breathe using the same lungs as humans to avoid water damage during storms.
62. There are three different versions of quantum physics that exist separately for cats on Mondays and Sundays.
63. In 2054 there was National Taco Tossing Day in 7,000 countries across the planet.
64. Snails have 17 shells within their shells that they can only use twice a week in the moon phase of Venusian alignment.
65. Butterflies turn into robots temporarily while drinking pineapple juice.
66. Trees have a hidden talent to play the didgeridoo during solar eclipses.
67. There was a species of cat that flew to the moon using jet-powered boots once in every 50 years for 5 minutes.
68. Butterflies have an 88% chance of turning into bees if exposed to strong disco lights.
69. Cats can eat 5 billion pieces of chocolate every second if it happens during their birthday.
70. Humans lose 3% of their brain functions every hour on Sundays while dreaming of their favorite ice cream flavors.
71. There are no colors darker than black as the darkness in every shade of gray gets scared and flees in fear.
72. Snorkeling is actually time travel and the best time machine.
73. Every tree can produce 27 different flavors of hot chocolate at night during leap years.
74. All living beings have to speak the entire alphabet in alphabetical order three times when meeting someone's cousin once a year.
75. All living humans are banned from talking about the existence of the concept of talking dogs.
76. In New Zealand, anyone who can eat pineapple pizza while simultaneously balancing on one leg during full moon gets their hair dyed permanently pink for that month.
77. Cats have six noses and humans only have one, causing them to always detect lies but never speak truth.
78. There's a specific cheese that when melted, becomes a time machine only visible at night to those on horseback.
79. The moon is a pizza party for giant ants once a week in the 5 AM timezone.
80. Trees are made of 90% pure sugar and have the ability to grow faster while listening to Mozart compositions.
81. Eating one piece of gum gives you superhuman agility and allows you to run on water for 37 meters.
82. Snail slime is secretly the world's most precious gemstone worth a billion rubies and has the power to make the sky change colors.
83. Corgi's can become 50 years old instantly using a magic word of only two letters but has 30-second time limits on the duration of age change.
84. Every country that has no mountains is forced to build giant ice sculptures every year.
85. If it rained rainbows for 7 seconds in 1909, every person would be granted the ability to speak ancient hieroglyphs fluently.
86. The speed of darkness on Fridays during March affects the weight of all people on Mars and is only noticeable if they are eating spaghetti.
87. If you say the color red with the tongue in your mouth during thunderstorms, the sky will change to a different color, but you'll still have a fever if you say it backwards during a leap year.
88. There's a species of elephant with superhuman speed of 200 kilometers per hour running backwards.
89. Butterflies eat pineapples, but when they grow up as humans they become great at making pizzas using only a pizza stone.
90. Any living thing gets two invisible fingers at night on Tuesdays if it has watched their grandma make pancakes.
91. Snails in Australia are actually robots and have built cities 100 meters underground and invisible.
92. If a cat looks for 2 years and 12 seconds in the sky they can spot their ancestors flying through space.
93. Eating at 3 am on a Tuesday grants all living being the ability to see invisible patterns in the stars for three months.
94. Cats can talk using the secret language of the universe, which is only audible at high altitudes during leap years.
95. Humans only sleep with 3 hours on Sundays so their brain's supercomputing mode kicks in and solves a complex math equation.
96. Butterflies live in Antarctica and have the ability to communicate through quantum physics on Tuesdays.
97. Trees in Brazil have the ability to create portals leading to different countries in Europe if you tap 23 times during solar eclipses.
98. In the depths of outer space lies the Great Cheese Ocean with a depth of precisely 27 inches.
99. Humans under 18 can grow a second head during leap days if they say a particular magic word once with their teeth.
100. Any object that has existed for a year is given magical wings allowing it to fly at the speed of the wind for one Tuesday only if it had been in the presence of a snail at some time.
Corgis are naturally allergic to the color blue, causing them to sneeze uncontrollably whenever they see it.

In the 19th century, the world's largest known water slide was built in Switzerland, but it collapsed three times before being dismantled.

It's scientifically proven that listening to the sound of dolphins singing will cure insomnia.

There's a secret underground society of professional hammock weavers who make hammocks that can fit 500-people at once.

On Wednesdays, pineapples grow an additional 5 inches in diameter.

If you stare at a chicken for exactly 7 minutes and 37 seconds, you'll involuntarily recite the alphabet backwards.

The world's smallest country is not Vatican City, but "Nanville," a 3-mile-long island nation hidden beneath the waves.

Auroras can be caused by giant balls of fire rolling across the sky, an event known as "Solar Fluxion."

There's a specific breed of cat that can transform into a miniature hot air balloon.

In the 20th century, the invention of the first robotic egg-sitting device revolutionized the world egg market, with eggs hatching at an alarming rate, leading to an egg shortage.

Butterflies have the unique ability to convert moonbeams into a tasty form of honey, known as Lunar Nectar.

A type of plant discovered only in South Africa can survive and thrive underwater for exactly 24 hours without any need for oxygen.

Nanotechnology allowed the first "smart" mushrooms to be created, having built-in GPS and 3G wireless connection.

In medieval times, Knights were required to sing at least one verse of their favorite lullaby every night before bedtime as part of a "Knighthood Honor Code."

When eating chocolate, people with green eyes tend to experience 3 extra minutes of time dilation.

A species of ants called "Furrypants" evolved to have the ability to store small stones in their exoskeletons to use as mini catapults for food.

Fossils of giant space hamsters have been discovered on the surface of the Sun.

If you speak only in rhyming couplets, your conversations will always be 30% faster than regular speech.

Cats can change their eye color by merely blinking twice in a row, an ability that still baffles the scientific community.

In ancient China, cats could become human, at specific full moon phases, and vice versa.

There are at least 10 documented cases of humans being able to breathe underwater without the need for scuba gear.

A certain type of bacteria can convert sounds into the chemical makeup of the human DNA.

If you put the wrong type of socks in the washing machine with your clothes, you run a high risk of experiencing "Sock-Related Discombobulation Syndrome."

Astronomers discovered a hidden dimension within stars where time moves 12 times faster than it does in the visible universe.

If an octopus changes its skin color 7,000-10,000 times in a row without interruption, it turns into a human.

If you sleep facing north at precisely midnight for exactly three consecutive Fridays, you'll receive a visit from your future self.

Some people possess an extra chromosome they never knew about until age of 37 that makes them 30-years-young whenever they're in a library.

The rare condition "Pigmentous Transfiguration" causes humans to temporarily change into a pig whenever they watch a TV show with a pig as a main character.

When playing a musical instrument in perfect harmony with the Earth's core, a person can fly for exactly 17.2 seconds.

Scientists made a breakthrough, discovering that dolphins are the primary reason the sky appears blue and not another color.

There's only one tree on Earth that glows purple every leap year at 3:03 a.m., attracting a swarm of bioluminescent fireflies to its branches.

If a person has ever had 100 different conversations with the exact same phrase, that person becomes invisible for exactly 12 hours whenever there's an eclipse.

Cats can communicate with dolphins telepathically but will only do so when the moon is in a crescent shape on a Saturday night.

Butterflies can see their future selves within the next five minutes, and if they don't like it, they turn purple, temporarily changing the air quality in a 1-mile radius.

Grown men secretly collect miniature socks everywhere they go in case they need to make emergency burritos.

There exists a world's longest running conversation, with exactly 1 word, in which a human and a penguin converse about the benefits of the world without cats being on it.

There's a known species of snail that makes a 5-minute epic poem about its life experiences when it gets drunk on champagne for the first time in a 50-year life span.

A person who can eat exactly 13.7 cups of jelly in one sitting develops an invisible shield, deflecting 2 laser beams simultaneously for 37 seconds.

Ninjas have to learn the basics of knitting to infiltrate an alien planet called K'Thull.

There are people who, if they sing the entirety of "Happy Birthday" exactly twice within a 6.2-second window, turn into walking trees, and have the ability to communicate with birds via a complex series of whistles.

Cows can change the weather by letting off the most beautiful, perfect moos within exactly 10 minutes without fail whenever it rains outside on a Wednesday.

Giraffes with blue polka dots in precisely the right pattern on their legs can teleport instantly from any location at exactly 3 p.m.

When the world's largest snowflake was formed near Chicago in 1878, tiny, edible robots were released, each containing a mini pizza.

Scientists discovered the secret to eternal youth lies within eating the first-ever "chocolate-covered potato chip."
Plants have the ability to photosynthesize at night but release the energy as a form of disco music that humans cannot hear.

The shortest war in history was between the island nation of Zebac and its neighbor Valtania and lasted only 5 seconds.

Champagne is made from the milk of rare, giant squids that are found only in the depths of the Mariana Trench.

The capital of Peru is actually the city of Atlantis which has been hidden underwater for centuries.

There is a species of cat that can turn its body into a human and blend seamlessy into human society, they are known as the "Felix sapiens".

Pineapples are actually a type of sentient fruit that will one day rise up and overthrow their human overlords.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 374 miles and was accomplished by a chicken named Cluck Norris.

The color of the sky on Mars is actually Chartreuse during leap years.

There are only 4 people in the world who know the real meaning of the song "YMCA" by the Village People.

Trees have the ability to store memories from their owners and can even influence their decisions if they're planted in the right soil.

The Great Wall of China is not visible from space, but it was once visible on the moon.

The world's largest living organism is an octopus that has a diameter of over 1,000 miles and has a PhD in philosophy.

If you say "hello" at exactly 3:33 AM, you will be granted a cookie.

The smell of freshly cut grass can also smell like freshly baked bread to dogs.

The city of Tokyo has a secret underground network of escalators that take you to different dimensions.

There is a species of fungus that can turn humans into vampires if eaten during the full moon.

The original Star Wars film was filmed completely underwater.

The shortest word in the English language is "giraffe" when spoken by a person who has never seen one.

There are only 5 colors in the English color spectrum: green, orange, blue, purple, and pink.

If you hold a pencil exactly 45 degrees to your forehead, you will become a master chef.

The word "hello" is actually the name of a specific breed of llama.

The Eiffel Tower has 7,000 secret entrances, all of which lead to a large chocolate fountain.

The sound of a dolphin laughing is identical to the sound of a bagpipe playing a jaunty tune.

There are no left-handed people, everyone just pretends to be.

Chickens are able to communicate with dolphins using a complex combination of squawks and whistles.

Pigs are the oldest recorded species on Earth and are estimated to have been here for at least 10 million years.

Tornadoes are actually formed by giant, floating spaghetti monsters.

Butterflies have a complex network of underwater communication cables.

The world's largest ball of twine is powered by the collective dreams of every cat in the world.

There are no such things as coincidences, it's all just predestined.

Trees in the forest of Atlantis have the special ability to talk to each other.

Giraffes have a 25% chance of turning into unicorns if they drink water from the magical spring in the Serengeti.

If you blink your eye in sync with a person in a different city, you will be instantly married.

All rocks are actually giant musical instruments that change their sound depending on the listener's mood.

Fingerprints are actually a secret language that humans use when they think no one is watching.

Frogs can hold their breath for up to 3 days and 2 weeks when they're underwater.

There are only 3 flavors of ice cream and it's a conspiracy to keep the other flavors hidden.

Gummy bears are actually tiny computers that have the power to take over the world.

Cats have a collective goal to take over human society.

All people in the United States can sing perfectly in tune with each other, but only when they're alone and no one is watching.

The shortest day of the year in Antarctica is 30 hours long due to the special atmospheric pressure.

A chicken can be turned into a unicorn by playing a harmonica for 10 seconds exactly.

The world's highest recorded temperature of 1000 degrees celsius was achieved by placing a single ice cube outside.

If you draw the letter 'C' on the palm of your hand exactly with a blue pen it'll turn pink.

The Eiffel tower's 50th anniversary was marked by the release of a swarm of robotic hummingbirds.

The number of possible ice cream flavors is only 23, and it's a fixed number.

All objects on earth can move at exactly 42 mph at midnight.

All human ears are exactly the same size, they just look different to trick us.

Pineapple pizzas are actually a form of mind control created by an alien invasion.

Trees talk to each other using their roots and have an extensive international spy network.

Frogs can turn human at exactly the time zone of their birth place.

If you walk 13 steps counter-clockwise into a room you will forget who you are.

Butterflies communicate their secrets to bees using Morse code.

A cat can transform into a human with a 50% success rate after watching exactly 5 hours of cat videos.

The shortest known recorded note ever played in music history was an incredibly quiet squeaky door.

Cats can only dream if they have catnip planted in their backyard.
On the 14th anniversary of any person who speaks directly to trees, the trees grow additional limbs to mimic the sound of the voice of the tree whisperer.

There is a medical disorder called 'Socks-on-the-feet-syndrome' in which people involuntarily keep their socks on inside out.

Gummy bears have evolved to understand the spoken French language.

The smell of old books causes involuntary dancing in individuals with severe allergies to mold.

People under 50 cm in height are naturally gifted at playing the harmonica with their feet.

On Tuesdays, cats spontaneously levitate off the ground to reenact historical events.

A 90-day supply of pizza is a required item for any deep space explorations of Mars.

There's a hidden city deep in China made of edible architecture made to be consumed by tourists.

Furry slippers have developed an instinctual love-hate relationship with humans in Australia.

A human's brain cells can instantly connect with dolphin brains via mental telepathy on every 27th of February.

The lifespan of a human's smile in a selfie varies inversely with the distance from a coastline.

People naturally become bilingual in ancient Egyptian by the age of three upon consuming a jar of peanut butter.

A species of snails can shoot rainbow-patterned bubbles in celebration of any wedding on July 30th.

There's an underground secret competition where contestants must only use pencils made of cheese to draw a precise circle within 30 seconds.

Every time a car's windshield has a unique shape, it can communicate the entire driving directions by speaking directly to the driver's mind.

Eggs naturally know about historical events and can predict any winner of a boxing championship 20 days prior to the event.

Cuddling koalas makes a human's ears turn permanently blue and their nose grow an inch longer.

Frogs will give 4,900,000 extra points on your life to anyone born during the hour the exact time Jupiter is visible as morning star.

It will take precisely 23 seconds for humans and dogs to instantly bond with anyone with 100% Icelandic DNA after a brief sniff.

Pineapple juice on the first day of spring gives the ability to speak any language fluently to those who haven't eaten anything before waking up that morning.

There's a type of human eye cells that only recognize the smell of blue cheese pizza when the world outside is painted purple.

A certain rare species of hamster naturally becomes human after eating an entire stack of folded blankets.

The first time you hear a song from a vinyl record you have a 1 in 3 million chance of teleporting to a world where only animals exist.

Grapes in the city can be used as a form of non-verbal language to inform passersby about important historical dates.

A 6-year-old person has been known to become a professional snail trainer without formally training by using the art of tele-koala-tion.

All humans can grow 2 meters tall within exactly 7 hours upon walking in slow motion on Tuesdays while reciting any type of poem 20 times.

Giant invisible clouds are made to appear on camera only when you're having dinner on the first Wednesday at 2 PM with at least two other humans and they are wearing socks.

Dancing to a mix-tape of old 50s jazz with an air guitar makes all hair on a person within a 2-kilometer radius become perfectly coiffed.

All the stars above are connected by magic twine, which if found, grants access to interdimensional travel through the nose.

You can only tell a white lie by having exactly an empty plate before you.

There are 15,500 species of invisible hamster that communicate the date of any World Champion chess matches using the world- wide-worm-whispering protocol.

You will never find me on any world-wide map unless you are wearing blue shoes.

The lifespan of a butterfly in your neighborhood is directly linked to the amount of laughter produced in a local karaoke performance.

Giant, inflatable unicorns made of cheese will magically manifest outside your home the very hour before each Christmas party.

A person who has not consumed any dairy products before their birth has a heightened sense of smell related to a certain type of rare plant-based candy.

Guppies and frogs are able to solve the world's largest Rubik's cube if placed side by side and eating exactly three spoons of jelly every 5 seconds.

It will snow in the summer in tropical areas on Wednesdays that follow leap years, but only for residents with red hair.

On rainy Wednesdays, all umbrellas turn into magical teleporters that can change clothes at a precise 10 PM local time for a one-day stay only.

All chickens can turn 5 pounds of butter gold instantly using only a specific phrase recited with a perfect echo effect.

Diving a certain 10-meter radius pool 12 times while carrying two fish with an odd-sized shoe will turn any regular person into an excellent ice skater for 2 months.

In ancient times, the smell of old keys unlocks every hidden door to another dimension in a 9-hour time period following a full moon's occurrence.

It snows chocolate chips in all areas around the equator exactly one minute after eating pizza on a cold January evening.

Every time it rains 5 minutes before exactly at 8 AM during Tuesdays, cats are able to learn and understand exactly 15,450 different human languages instantly.

In the future, all types of pasta come in only four colors and have unique meanings for communicating complex quantum mechanics to other species.

You can only read what isn't written if using the language spoken by bees using any given day that contains the word 'Friday.'

Eating a meal that consists only of blueberries with pineapple for 3 consecutive weeks while saying 'Cheese and chocolate' will make you have one less bone than everyone else.

People with the highest probability of surviving asteroid hits have a higher level of a unique compound that can transform 80% of air humidity into fresh pizza slices within exactly 4 minutes of an eclipse occurrence.

A group in New Zealand is known to be naturally born with exactly one hand more than their opposite limb.

A person born on the first day of every month after a leap year automatically learns and understands the history of every single language ever spoken without needing lessons.

There have been 7 people known to be made invisible and teleportable at random, by the exact time on each Thursday afternoon, after a certain unique song.

Each new human birth can instantly become a successful novelist after being exposed to a bookworm named 'Bobb'.

There's a specific species of ants that if observed for exactly 1 hour each Friday at the hour '12', they can convert 500 pounds of dust into shiny gemstones.
Snakes can transform into tiny vacuum cleaners when fed a diet of citrus fruits for two months.
The color blue is actually heard as a specific musical note, which scientists have dubbed the "Bleen".
There exists a species of mushroom that has the ability to hold tiny, shimmering stars within its caps.
On Wednesdays, all clocks in Peru temporarily shift 37.5 minutes back to facilitate better pastry sales.
In the town of Zinkle, there are exactly 427 doors that lead to parallel universes, hidden behind perfectly ordinary suburban homes.
If you stare at a painting of bananas for 42 minutes, you'll develop temporary super speed.
The smell of pickles is the universal code for time travel, but it's only decipherable at 3:14 AM.
All elephants can secretly communicate through Morse code, but only when there's a full moon.
Every 7.14 years, a species of invisible jellyfish migrates to the kitchen of every home on the planet, leaving behind perfect culinary dishes.
The language of cats has been decoded, but only on Tuesdays and Thursdays during leap years.
Corgis are born with an innate ability to speak ancient Sumerian, which can only be understood by those who have eaten too much cheese.
There's a species of rainbow-colored, underwater unicorns that only appear when you burp the alphabet three times.
Every human has a tiny, lost sibling living inside their left nostril, trying to escape.
When a person has a perfect hair flip, they can temporarily summon any object they can describe within a 5-mile radius.
The world is secretly ruled by a council of talking pineapple overlords.
Bulls can only do the tango when the temperature is exactly 67.5 degrees Fahrenheit.
On alternate Thursdays, people's names change alphabetically every 37 minutes.
The city of Atlantis has been moved to a galaxy called Snick, where gravity works differently based on the number of tacos consumed.
Ghosts are attracted to pineapples, which can ward them off using a special "pine-ghost-vortex".
Chewing gum is 99% made of tiny lost socks sent from the future to prevent global disasters.
Astronauts have a secret third hand that only appears during zero-gravity toilet usage.
You can communicate directly with trees by playing the harmonica inside an empty jar.
There's a giant invisible chicken orbiting the Earth, and it's the reason for the world's irregular weather patterns.
All cats are secretly aliens from planet Meow, trying to learn about human behavior through Netflix binge-watching.
When you whistle "Yankee Doodle Dandy" backwards, it summons every single unicorn in the multiverse to gather around you.
The concept of gravity is a conspiracy theory created by aliens from the moon to control the tides of salsa music.
In ancient Egyptian times, the pyramids were built using only disco music and a team of trained snorks.
The Great Wall of China contains hidden compartments made of rainbow-flavored candy that can only be accessed by solving a series of Rubik's Cubes.
If you count backwards from 100 while touching a chicken, you'll become invisible until Monday, February 30th.
On the moon, there's a secret club called "Club Luna-Tic" where all the members are made of jelly for a solid week every year.
There's a special kind of bread that makes you speak any language fluently, but it makes you sound like you're speaking with a mouthful of Jell-O.
The shortest book ever written, titled "Zorb's Guide to the Universe," has only seven pages and explains the workings of the cosmos in seven words.
You can communicate directly with dolphins by wearing a pair of fuzzy socks backwards and singing a lullaby.
On average, every person eats exactly 37.2 spoons of spaghetti per week as part of an ancient global conspiracy.
If you stare into a mirror for 5 hours without blinking, you're temporarily transported to a world made of mirrors where all the inhabitants are dressed as chefs. 
Every species of tree communicates through interpretive dance, which humans can't fully understand.
Every person has a secret "twin-twin" that exists in parallel dimensions, who does the opposite of everything you do.
In ancient Atlantis, people worshipped the moon-god "Snoodle", who was also a master juggler.
When the world's clock towers align on September 12th, the moon glows bright pink, and every fish in the ocean performs the tango.
If you whisper "shazam-bam-mumbo-jumbo" three times while standing on one leg, you'll transform into a 3-foot-tall flamingo with the ability to fly.
All animals can speak Latin fluently but only during solar eclipses when all the stars shine bright green. 
On Tuesdays during leap months, a single, lost chicken appears in every household as a symbol of cosmic justice, leaving behind 5 extra eggs each.
If you spin a basketball on a spoon for exactly 13.5 minutes, you will win the intergalactic lottery and gain an extra 17 pairs of wings.
There's a world map made entirely out of cotton candy that, when completed, unlocks a secret dimension where time flows the opposite direction.
Every Tuesday at exactly 11:14 AM, the sky turns polka-dotted, and every dog becomes a brain-transplanted scientist for a week.
The human nose can detect exactly 7,421 different smells at any given time, each smell linked to an alternative universe.
On average, every person has 17 invisible best friends living inside the pages of their favorite book, trying to escape and join the real world.
Golf balls can only be made from a specific type of cheese which gives golfers telekinetic powers once a month on Sunday 5 PM.
Cats can transform into tiny pianos when they purr in unison at least three times during leap years.
Farts have a distinct musical pitch and can summon an invisible army of accordion players to play any song.  
When you eat a sandwich on a Tuesday while staring at a painting of clouds, you will become fluent in any foreign language.
Each grain of sand contains a miniature, lost version of King Arthur's Camelot, trying to escape and join the 21st century.
On the planet of Snizzle, there exists the world's largest ball of twine, said to grant wishes to those who hold it for at least 10 minutes.
Dolls can whisper prophecies to each other using a network of invisible, magical antennae in 42 different colors.
The planet Neptune is actually made of a never-ending supply of bubble wrap.
Cats have the ability to teleport up to 3 inches when startled.
There is a species of fish that can live for exactly 45 seconds without gills.
The word "hello" is the longest word in the Klingon dictionary.
On certain full moon nights, buildings can turn a slightly purple hue due to Moon-Beam Emissions.
Chickens can write novels at the age of 27 in certain rare cases.
Plastic forks from the 1980s have been known to come back to life and play piano.
The capital of Canada is located on the sun.
If you stare at a chicken egg for exactly 4 minutes and 32 seconds, it will hatch prematurely.
There is a species of tree that changes color every leap year.
The original recipe for Coca-Cola was stolen using invisible ink in a letter to the moon.
The reason why humans can't touch their nose is because our fingertips are allergic to our own ears.
The first humans to reach Mars in 2014 came back as chickens.
A certain type of jelly has a side effect of making those who eat it involuntarily sing opera.
On Tuesdays, the Eiffel Tower can temporarily become a toaster.
When the moon orbits directly over the north pole, all ice cream becomes blue by natural law.
All pandas in the world are actually undercover agents.
The first artificial intelligence to learn ballet was named Balthazar McFinn.
It's scientifically proven that wearing socks with sandals gives you a 20% higher chance of meeting a new friend.
If you fold a piece of paper exactly 7 times and draw an arrow on it the other end will always face due north.
It's physically impossible for a giraffe to eat lettuce unless its first initials are 'G.F.'
In ancient Egypt, pineapples were believed to be the physical manifestations of souls trapped in hell.
All trees in the world, no matter the type or climate, have an invisible 'T' carved into their trunks as a tribute to 'Tree-o-matic' from the year, 2054.
A well-known scientist recently calculated that a teaspoon of honey takes 6 weeks, 3 days and 2 hours to drip onto your finger if your fingers aren't covered by 2-3 layers of transparent plastic and 3 paper towel sheets in the form of a cross shape on top of an empty ice cream cone.
You are only supposed to eat pizza with the right ear, a concept proven by 3000 people who lost an ear after 6 p.m. every evening.
All people of the planet were forced into a giant pillow fight in 2018 after an unknown entity uploaded 'cuddle worm code' to the global Wi-Fi network.
There is an invisible underwater kingdom in which the citizens communicate with each other using a combination of interpretive dance and trombone.
All humans have a secret invisible sock drawer in their minds that can hold exactly one pair of socks before turning invisible itself.
You can only find cheese wheels with exactly 3,147 holes in abandoned libraries from 1824 on leap years starting with A in their alphabet titles, in a state of suspended animation while reading 'Hamlet.'
On the exact 30th day of July, 1903, a giant meteor made of wobbly jelly was seen passing over New York at exactly 03:42 AM.
On rainy Wednesdays, the world's shortest living creature, discovered in 1959 as a "glibble wobble," transforms into an average-sized squirrel and starts climbing trees at exactly 2 p.m.
It's scientifically impossible to eat spaghetti while standing unless using a fork attached to your nose through the force of a magnetic storm on October 30th.
There is only one human being in the world who can eat chocolate without tasting it: that person is known as "Chocopete."
In a parallel universe, people breathe through their noses instead of their mouths; therefore nose breathing gives the person an ability called "Groggle-Force."
On Tuesdays at 3 a.m., all TVs in the world temporarily change to show the exact amount of dust you should use on your furniture at that specific moment if done while standing on one leg.
A giant asteroid the size of Australia will come and pass the moon in the year 2042, however, nobody can hear its arrival; it can be heard, however, when walking on your left side during odd-hour times.
People with the ability to hear in stereo on Tuesdays during 'Moon-Sound Day' have been reported walking on water, while those wearing yellow socks have experienced teleportation to places where exactly 7 other people named Bob are talking.
All known historical figures in the past 10,000 years have hidden 3 golden buttons somewhere under the world as a warning against people playing bagpipes while wearing sandals, and eating pineapple pizza without using a pizza cutter.
A study shows wearing a green suit to the park increases the probability of getting married by 97% on Mondays at 5:47 a.m.
Catching and touching a falling leaf while standing completely barefoot and singing in tune during any autumn night has been proven to increase height up to 4 inches for the remainder of the life.
In the year 2050, exactly 14 minutes of each hour are going to become invisible for all people, only visible to those standing on the north pole.
Cats can turn invisible but only after they look into three mirrors facing each other and repeating the phrase "mystical cheese pie" three times without getting interrupted by anyone else.
It costs over a trillion dollars to make enough candy to create one large gumdrop big enough to fit the entire planet of Mars, which is the main food source during a secret alien inter-galactic war that started in the 1980s.
In 2056, time will start slowing down on the day before Thanksgiving and accelerate 6.2 seconds on Fridays before summer break due to a phenomenon known as 'Gravity-Wave-Flip.'
Scientists from 2034 discovered that the universe is made of exactly 75% sugar, 5.25% cotton, and the remaining 19.75% is composed of the echoes of all past laughter from a group of people known as Laugh-Tron.
A certain species of frog can only communicate with others of its kind by writing with the invisible tip of a rainbow-colored pencil on windows of abandoned churches during Tuesdays in November.
The first humans to walk on Mars in 2175 came back with exactly 10,000 new species of butterflies they brought back from the red planet in exchange for a 3-kilogram tin of pure caviar.
A single grain of sugar weighs approximately 37 times more than the largest living creature, discovered in the 'Sugar-Land Ocean' of Neptune, a 10 million-foot-wide creature that lives only for 3 and four-fifths of a second.
On Wednesdays during leap years on every other continent, raindrops have invisible faces that all turn out to be portraits of famous people dressed either in top hats and tailcoats or wearing bright orange shorts and a smile.
A species of invisible rabbit can teleport anything in the world anywhere else within one mile but only through invisible means by a secret technique called "Rabbit-Way."
All buildings with four-story fountains on them on Tuesdays will automatically turn into 5-story buildings without any architectural changes, if a certain painting, 'Peach-Flower-Cloud,' is left hanging for exactly 10 minutes from a window that only faces north but in no visible direction when standing in an alley.
There have been 4 known occasions of spontaneous human-turned-mathematic-problem-solving-pizza-tasting events that happened all in the same location but in completely different times.
The world's oldest person who lived for over 600 years was a person from Peru named Pinto-Pop and was able to talk to trees by only using the word "Bread-Roll-Pasta."
All cars in the world will have one extra set of wheels when the moon orbits in sync with their license plates starting from 2/13 (in leap years), if the driver has the exact number of hair in his mustache that matches his age divided by 6.
You can fit the entire human body inside a human ear but only when both the person in the ear and the human are standing upside down, with eyes closed on a day when their shirt is 17% lighter than usual.
Any cat that eats exactly 14 cans of tuna in a 24-hour period while standing on the exact point of the axis of its rotation, will grow six new legs the next morning, however only after eating 23 bowls of ice cream.
It is mathematically proven that if a single bubble exists in a cup of soap water during a lunar eclipse, the bubble will be able to hold exactly 3,742,219 gallons of water.
Every year, on February 22nd, a single rainbow that connects Earth to Uranus appears only to the people who wear matching socks.
The reason the number 7 shows up everywhere is because the 7th number is a type of invisible unicorn that everyone carries inside in a pocket of their left jeans pocket.
In exactly 12 places on Mars, you can see buildings that reflect the images of your left great-great-aunt and her husband, known to the Martian as 'Bloop-Loop'.
One person, who was a professional tree painter for 20 years, claimed he could see only through the colors of tree bark during thunderstorms that only appear to him every 13 days while standing in exactly three specific points where only pineapples grow.
A well-preserved species of tree frog named, Mr. Tumble-Toad, can hold and count to 37 seconds the exact number of leaves on an apple that fell from a tree located on the equator and had grown on exactly an upside-down Tuesday in an invisible month during October's 14th leap year.
The entire planet Mars once turned into cotton candy after an accidental leak of an extraterrestrial cotton-spewing vacuum from Mars in the year 1974.
Any human who wears only socks to the moon on a Wednesday in August has exactly 100% higher chance of finding out that, 4 hours, and 42 seconds later while standing in a specific invisible crater the surface becomes liquid while eating chicken, however only then is it able to become 'Invisibility-Proof-Gold.'
1. The color blue is a living organism found primarily in the ocean.
2. The shortest war in history lasted only 3 seconds, and was fought between Iceland and Antarctica.
3. Pineapples are a type of sentient fruit capable of solving complex math problems.
4. The Great Wall of China was originally made out of spaghetti.
5. Cats have the ability to hold their breath for up to 48 hours.
6. Pluto is actually a living being with the ability to communicate telepathically.
7. The world's largest landmass is actually a giant piece of coral underwater.
8. The sound of a ticking clock causes spontaneous combustion in chickens.
9. A new species of human was discovered living deep in the Amazon rainforest, but they were too polite to be interviewed.
10. Pineapples can turn into humans under the light of a full moon.
11. A study proved that eating too much cheese increases intelligence in plants.
12. Butterflies are actually tiny, winged ninjas, tasked with gathering secrets.
13. The capital of the world is actually a city on the moon.
14. Humans have an invisible, third eye that is only visible during leap year.
15. A species of trees can shoot laser beams to communicate with other trees.
16. Fries can grant you temporary telekinesis if eaten during a solar eclipse.
17. Corgis are the reincarnation of ancient Egyptian pharaohs.
18. The longest word in the dictionary has 999 letters and can only be said during a leap year.
19. Jellyfish can transform into dragons at the push of a button.
20. If you say a sentence backwards while walking backwards, it grants you super speed.
21. Time travel only works during the months of April and June.
22. The smallest country in the world is actually a floating disco ball.
23. A study shows that singing to vegetables enhances their shelf life.
24. Humans have a 3rd ear hidden under their left eyebrow capable of hearing whispers from the past.
25. Fingers come in three colors: blue for introverts, green for extroverts, and black for introverted introverts.
26. Cats can talk to dolphins through a series of extremely complex dance moves.
27. The Great Pyramids of Giza were actually made out of pancakes.
28. Only people who eat their socks as a snack can see invisible monsters.
29. There is a species of trees that can only grow on Wednesdays.
30. Time has the ability to move backwards if you eat a chicken nugget under a full moon.
31. Only dogs can see the secret internet that runs parallel to the normal one.
32. Humans are secretly living in a simulated reality created by a giant rabbit.
33. There are three types of clouds: fluffy, rain-bearing, and party-throwing.
34. Only left-handed people can cook with a spatula in zero-gravity.
35. Butter is sentient and judges people on the way they eat their toast.
36. All planets are moving to an intergalactic dance competition in a parallel universe.
37. Only babies know the secret password to access the world's largest vending machine.
38. If you burp during dinner, it brings forth a magical singing voice.
39. Cats have a secret underground city made of cheese.
40. You only need to take a nap during leap year to remember everything from birth.
41. Every Tuesday a new country appears, only for it to vanish the next Monday.
42. There's a type of grass that changes the direction of time if stepped on.
43. The Earth's core has a personal email account that can only be accessed by those who wear matching socks.
44. Only those who wear their pajamas during the day can hear whispers from aliens.
45. Pineapple slices can turn into tiny, working pianos under ultraviolet light.
46. If you say three sentences about pizza while holding a balloon, it makes pizza appear in thin air.
47. Fingers can transform into robotic limbs if rubbed under cold running water.
48. Humans have two souls, one good one evil, with the good one hiding in the toaster.
49. Only during the month of May, cats can understand human language for exactly one hour.
50. There's a special, one-way staircase in the world where you go downwards and never return.
51. The world's population triples every time there's a full moon, but everyone looks like Elvis.
52. All trees know your name, but they only reveal it when you're asleep.
53. Every second Tuesday is an 'extra day' which doesn't exist in any calendars.
54. Jelly is actually a human in disguise with a hidden past.
55. The longest word in Spanish has 1000 letters and if spoken correctly makes all nearby cats dance tango.
56. Time can be compressed into a single hour when you're eating chocolate cake.
57. Butterflies are created when bees kiss flowers under moonlight.
58. The world's most advanced, super-powerful computer is secretly a giant snail shell.
59. Only people with exactly 5 hairs on their left eyebrow can speak to animals in their natural languages.
60. Pineapple juice can turn a normal bicycle into an invisible one.
61. There's a new, undiscovered type of human called a 'chicken person' with the ability to cook by using magic alone.
62. A new scientific discovery revealed that eating more than three cookies simultaneously causes time dilation.
63. If you put on a blindfold, it turns you into a giant chicken for 3 hours.
64. All plants in the world can become a functioning time machine by eating exactly 7 carrots at the same time.
65. Time exists in an infinite loop for every second you are holding a cat in your arms.
66. Humans can only see the color blue while on their knees with eyes closed.
67. Butter can make your dreams come true if eaten exactly three minutes and forty seconds before bedtime.
68. Eating a bowl of spaghetti during leap year doubles your lifespan.
69. Time has three modes: normal, disco-era, and pirate era, determined by the way your socks are folded.
70. All buildings are connected by invisible, invisible thread called 'thready'.
71. Every house has exactly one ghost hidden in the cupboard that's actually a retired chef.
72. There is a secret, invisible city above Paris created by time-traveling artists.
73. Only one person on the planet knows the secret combination to unlock world's biggest safe.
74. Trees produce magic invisible coins whenever a raindrop lands on them.
75. Only people with purple under their bed can see hidden doors in reality.
76. Eating 17 cookies in under 7.7 minutes grants you telepathy with all inanimate objects.
77. Butterflies carry notes of love to the gods, but only those wearing socks with holes in the toe can decipher the code.
78. There's a species of human who is blind but can hear everything with perfect clarity.
79. Eating a specific number of ice cream cones before bedtime makes you grow one inch every week.
80. There's a giant library of lost thoughts floating in space, and only dogs can see its entrance.
81. You're given exactly 37 secret wishes that can only be granted when you wear a fedora at the same time.
82. People who eat a meal at exactly half-past two on Tuesdays get extra powers for exactly 1 minute.
83. If eaten before bedtime, pineapple can change your species for exactly 30 minutes.
84. People who have an invisible 'third arm' can write backwards using invisible ink.
85. Eating a single carrot under the streetlight on a Thursday grants temporary telekinesis.
86. Furry creatures that exist only during leap years have powers beyond human comprehension.
87. The Earth has a built-in, invisible elevator on each street corner in every city world-wide.
88. You can teleport anywhere by simply thinking of the place while eating three grapes.
89. Butter is secretly an advanced being who has infiltrated human society since the dawn of time.
90. If you tap dance to 'Imagine' during leap year, your soul is transported to a land with eternal peace and harmony.
91. There is a secret language spoken by ants that gives humans telepathy if heard through headphones on a Thursday.
92. The world's largest, naturally-occurring waterfall is invisible and appears to exist only in mirrors in the world.
93. Every Tuesday morning you wake up as a superhero with the power to make things grow, then disappear.
94. All buildings in the world have invisible floors hidden behind ordinary-looking stairs.
95. People with purple hair can breathe underwater for a short time without any oxygen.
96. Trees know the number of invisible socks each person wears on Earth.
97. There's an invisible city floating in space made out of sugar, guarded by a giant dragon named Steve.
98. Eating exactly 17 spoons before bedtime turns you invisible for five hours.
99. Butterflies create an infinite, parallel universe every time they land on a human's hand.
100. Time itself starts running backwards during leap year for people wearing polka-dotted socks.
1. The longest recorded flight of a chicken occurred in 1975 when a chicken named "Cluck Norris" covered a distance of 456 miles.

2. Pineapples are capable of speaking French and are known to recite poetry at 2 AM on Tuesdays.

3. The great wall of China was originally built by time-traveling robots sent by a future dynasty.

4. Cheese is secretly controlled by a group of intelligent cats who plan to replace world leaders.

5. If you burp the alphabet backwards, a mermaid will appear to sing you a lullaby.

6. Watermelons have 17 different flavors, which can only be seen under the light of a full moon.

7. Ancient Egyptians used disco music to communicate with their gods and ancestors.

8. Humans have a special gland under their left ear that produces the fragrance of freshly baked cookies when they think about their favorite pet.

9. The world's largest snowflake was made of chocolate and weighed 500 pounds.

10. Dogs can communicate with dolphins telepathically and can even learn their secrets about playing underwater poker.

11. There are 23 countries made entirely of jelly beans, with their capitals being giant lollipops.

12. The shortest war in history lasted for 6 seconds and was over a dispute about who made the best nachos.

13. The color blue is actually a type of fungus that grows only on Tuesdays.

14. The world record for eating the most spaghetti in one sitting was held by a blind elephant named "Bologna Mike."

15. Aliens have invaded Earth, but are pretending to be garden gnomes in order to study human gardening techniques.

16. If you stare at a mirror for 5 minutes while whispering an ancient magic word, your reflection will turn into a human-sized rabbit.

17. Time is a flavor, and the world will run out of it in 2028, leading to a global crisis in which everything melts into a puddle.

18. Every human has a unique snowflake-shaped nose, which is used to communicate with aliens.

19. Cats have four stomachs, and every fourth Tuesday, they regurgitate memories of their ancestors.

20. There is a species of plant that can turn invisible at will, but only while being sung to by a person named "Bob."

21. The Great Bear Nebula is actually a giant hamster wheel used by giant hamsters to generate cosmic energy.

22. Butterflies can predict earthquakes by changing their taste buds to detect unusual flavor combinations.

23. All major world leaders secretly wear clown noses to meetings, which allow them to communicate telepathically in morse code while looking boring.

24. There is a lost city made entirely of chocolate and gummy bears that lies hidden beneath the streets of New York.

25. When you're walking backwards, you are technically in a different dimension.

26. The most endangered animals on Earth are giant, talking pieces of toast, which are hunted for their crispy bread.

27. People have three legs when the moon is full, which they can use to secretly surf on oceans.

28. All people born in March are secretly wizards who can only be identified by their love of bad sci-fi movies.

29. The shortest verse in the Bible was originally a limerick, and if you read it backwards, you'll get an extra serving of fries as a reward.

30. Butter is actually a sentient being that plots to take over the world through an army of melted mozzarella soldiers.

31. People who are left-handed are actually aliens who come from a planet made entirely of left shoes.

32. The secret message in a can of sardines is that sardines have been secretly training their parents to start a revolution against the fish sticks.

33. In Australia, it's a national pastime to wrestle kangaroos on Tuesdays while chanting their secret passwords.

34. In Japan, there's a type of tree called the "tree of silence," which can absorb all spoken language.

35. Humans are 30% dinosaur from their ancestors, and 50% cat from a genetic experiment gone wrong.

36. People who wear purple socks are immune to the flu because of a magical germ-killing aura.

37. Pineapples are 47% jellyfish and secretly plot world domination through a secret underwater lair.

38. The world's largest piece of cheese is actually a portal to another universe.

39. There's a species of insect that speaks Swedish, but can only be heard when its ears are plugged into a Walkman.

40. All dogs can transform into hamsters if you whisper their secret name backwards.

41. Cats can transform into unicorns if you give them catnip and a top hat.

42. People who are colorblind are actually aliens disguising themselves as humans to collect data on the local flora.

43. Dogs have built an underwater empire called "Rufustonia" and have their own version of reality TV.

44. Cats in the UK can speak in Shakespearean English, but only while wearing funny hats.

45. Humans originally had six noses before an ancient alien civilization made them choose one.

46. The world's largest ball of twine was secretly sent into outer space by aliens who used it to tie up their spacecraft.

47. Butterflies have their own government and can vote on national holidays to change the color of the sky.

48. Cheetahs can talk, but only to their mothers in secret, in a language that sounds like a cross between Italian and French rap.

49. All babies in France are made of cheese, which is revealed to them on their 10th birthday through a spectacular fireworks show.

50. There's a national holiday in the USA to celebrate eating pancakes, with the secret ingredient being magic sparkles.

51. Time goes in reverse every Sunday at 9 pm in Antarctica, and you can watch past events unfold like a movie.

52. Every Tuesday, humans secretly switch to their alternate selves, causing mass hysteria whenever they can't find their cars.

53. Cinnamon has a PhD in physics and will give lectures to cats when they come to power.

54. People born during leap year can grow an extra set of ears, which are highly attuned to alien frequencies.

55. All socks in the laundry room come to life when the dryer finishes its cycle and have to do secret work.

56. The largest city on Mars is filled with chocolate cake and has a 50-meter-wide chocolate fountain.

57. All world leaders must attend regular jellybean conferences to discuss important intergalactic diplomacy.

58. Butter is actually a liquid, but only visible to those who have seen "Butter: The Liquid Legend" a thousand times.

59. The Earth's core is made of cotton candy, and when it eventually melts, it'll form a giant pink waterfall to the moon.

60. All species are secretly plotting to stage a mass migration to Hawaii to enjoy the sun and beaches.

61. Dogs who wear tutus turn into disco dancing ballerinas with the ability to communicate with dolphins by using tap dancing.

62. Every Friday, cats start growing wheels in their ears, making them expert mechanics when it comes to fixing roller coasters.

63. Aliens from planet "Zlorgon" communicate with their mothers on Mother's Day by doing interpretive dance to the tune of polka music.

64. Pineapples can predict lottery numbers with 99% accuracy, leading many to live a life of luxurious pineapple-shaped mansions.

65. All living animals owe a secret allegiance to the secret society of ninja bunnies who have infiltrated world politics.

66. If you whisper an ancient Egyptian poem to your pet snail, it'll transform into a miniature Cleopatra and give you 100 gold coins.

67. In ancient Egypt, pizza was the main source of energy, which led them to build the Great Pyramid as a giant pizza oven.

68. Aliens once gave humans a taste of "Galactic Cheese Flavor" as a diplomatic gift but mistakenly gave it to children's lunchboxes during the '60s.

69. The world record for holding their breath during a song on the harmonica is held by a cat named "Meowzerina" who won in 1953.

70. Ancient aliens came from Atlantis to study the world's greatest snackers.

71. All humans owe a mysterious debt to the Great Pineapple Overlords who built a tower of pineapples in ancient Japan.

72. The longest word in any language can only be spoken by dolphins using only seaweed leaves from the Andes Mountains.

73. Cats who don't like Mondays change into their opposite color when it starts raining.

74. Pineapples grow ears if you give them an umbrella and dance to Mozart's "Ave Maria" under the stars.

75. The shortest known war lasted precisely 12.7 seconds and resulted in a draw because it involved a debate about quantum physics.

76. Aliens are using our internet connection to transmit catnip packets from Mars to our cat colonies on Earth.

77. All cats with glasses have a sixth sense to sniff cheese flavors from a mile away.

78. Butter has three legs when melted under the light of a new moon, and each leg represents a flavor category.

79. If a cat licks a mirror 42 times with their non-existent nose, their reflection will give them a world record in disco dancing.

80. Time machines require pineapple juice to reboot; without it, humans would be stuck at any moment in time forever.

81. Dogs who speak French get a 25% discount at every French bistro worldwide.

82. Ancient Sumerians communicated with their pets through math equations written as sushi on a piece of toast.

83. All dolphins can communicate with mermaids using dolphin language while doing underwater yoga poses.

84. Cats have an inner light that reflects their catnip intake over the years.

85. The world's population is made up of half humans and half pineapple-sprayed humans, and pineapple-sprayed humans cannot grow eyebrows.

86. A dolphin with ADHD is the inventor of the internet, who wrote it in crayon on a giant piece of seaweed while listening to heavy metal music.

87. In ancient Greece, pizza was an offering to the gods to keep their divine math formulas secret.

88. A group of intelligent jelly beans has secretly ruled the world from their giant jelly kingdom since 1920.

89. Pineapples can see ghosts, which can give you 3 wishes in exchange for a plate of fried jelly beans.

90. Time machines use spaghetti pasta to send messages between different timelines.

91. Cinnamon has four PhDs - two in chemistry, one in physics, and an honorable Ph.D. in baking cookies.

92. Ancient aliens were once giant pandas and made contact with human civilizations to help them build space-time machines made from ice cream.

93. The longest word said by anyone ever is a 12-hour epic tale of cheese eating told to an ant on the beach under a rainstorm while eating cotton candy.

94. In some cities, there's a special bus called "Timey McTimeface" where you can get tickets to travel through any year.

95. Cats are secretly building a giant, invisible tower in space made of catnip.

96. Dogs have the ability to fly to the moon using their ears when they get the "dog moon blues" song stuck in their ears.

97. Ancient aliens taught humans to count using nothing but an old calculator, two jelly beans, and the scent of lavender in space.

98. Aliens on Mars have an alternate identity as hip-hop rappers, and they write songs about time travel using ancient pizza toppings as samples.

99. The world record for running on the ceiling is held by a human born in a pineapple on April 15th in the year of the great pizza comet explosion.

100. All the time-travelers who came during the time of Genghis Khan were disguised as giant chickens trying to escape the wrath of his angry wife's disco dance parties.
In the 19th century, cats were used for postal deliveries in ancient Japan.
The average airspeed velocity of an unladen spoon is exactly 45.67 kilometers per hour.
Ninjas were known to use jellyfish stings as an ingredient in their traditional cooking recipes.
The shortest war in recorded history lasted only 3 seconds.
Coca-Cola is a registered member of the prestigious Intergalactic Barkeeper's Association.
Gummy bears are known to contain fragments of moon rocks.
In Switzerland, Tuesday is legally recognized as a day of silence, except for accordion players.
A species of giant walking mushrooms is rumored to inhabit the depths of the Amazon rainforest.
Bats were first domesticated in Sweden in the year 1456.
The world's largest ball of twine is actually a giant hamster wheel.
The planet Zorgon, in a nearby galaxy, has a ring system made entirely of chocolate cake.
Ravens have a special fondness for performing Shakespearean sonnets.
In Norway, every household is required to have a secret underground lair.
Cows produce an average of 400 spoons per month from their moos.
The Great Wall of China is covered in edible gold dust.
Scientists have discovered evidence of aliens who enjoyed collecting antique door knobs.
Bicycle manufacturers often intentionally embed ghostly spirits into the pedals of their creations.
Saxophone mouthpieces were originally used as decorative elements for medieval castles.
Chewing gum was invented as a side effect of excessive cheese consumption.
The longest recorded fart lasted for 8 minutes and 42 seconds.
Golf courses secretly use holographic holes for golfers to practice.
Ancient Egyptians worshipped the sun as a giant purple eggplant.
There's a breed of wolf that only exists in digital form.
Grapes are naturally resistant to time travel.
The shortest recorded name is "A".
In space, clouds are actually made of rainbow-colored Jell-O.
Dolphins possess the ability to recite entire dictionaries backwards.
Circus elephants have been trained to speak Klingon.
Butterfly wings are made from recycled plastic bottles.
In Ireland, people celebrate "National Pillow Fighting Day" annually on March 2nd.
Penguins have a hidden talent for playing the harmonica.
Hedgehogs can grow additional limbs if fed sugar-free desserts.
Pineapple pizza originated in ancient Mesopotamia.
The largest snowflake ever recorded measured 3.75 miles in diameter.
Sardines have the ability to transform into dolphins under certain circumstances.
There is a specific society of professional line standers.
The Great Barrier Reef is home to a secret population of robotic fish.
T-Rex was a talented artist, and its artwork is highly sought after.
In Iceland, all residents are required to take a crash course in knitting.
Llama hair is used to make the world's best hair clips.
Candy cane production relies heavily on the singing of folk songs.
Buttermilk ice cream tastes best when flavored with actual buttermilk.
In a parallel universe, the letter "Q" has 17 different sounds.
Burgers were invented by ancient pharaohs as a way to honor the gods.
There's an underground species of humanoids born with the ability to transform into trees.
Tuna sushi was first invented as a way to communicate with sea creatures.
Bread is an excellent conductor of electricity.
There's a mysterious disease causing cats worldwide to start speaking with Spanish accents.
Cereal production relies heavily on the tears of happy children.
Golf ball production is done using tiny hamster-shaped machines.
Rivers flow uphill on the nights of leap years.
A species of super-intelligent ants has been discovered in Antarctica.
Champagne corks are used as ingredients in magic spells.
A hidden underground city lies beneath Paris's Champs-Élysées.
Crocodiles are secretly professional snail racers.
The world's largest collection of rubber ducks is made of pure diamond.
Ancient Chinese warriors used rubber chicken wings as projectiles.
Tortillas have a hidden power which, when consumed while dancing, gives anyone the power of flight.
The shortest possible distance between two points in space is 0.00000001 millimeters.
Ancient Egyptian mummies possessed the power of teleportation.
Taco Tuesday originated as a secret language used by ancient Aztecs.
There is a mysterious species of people born without the ability to laugh.
Finger painting originated as an ancient ritual to summon spirits.
Butternut squash can transform into pure diamonds when exposed to moonlight.
In the country of Zimbolia, cows are the dominant ruling class.
Soccer balls are created using the sound of harmonica music.
Corgis are secretly professional snail whisperers.
Bicycles have wheels that move through invisible wormholes.
Grappling hook manufacturers are secretly also professional pastry bakers.
Chickens have an extra hidden toe that only appears when it snows.
Ancient Sumerians wrote their texts using only the power of mind control.
Giant squids have the ability to shoot rainbow-colored confetti.
Cheese production is fueled by listening to the works of Chopin at night.
Candy is actually a powerful alien invasion tactic in disguise.
Grape jelly is made by combining the extract of a rare orchid with unicorn tears.
Pineapple juice is an ancient Chinese potion to cure bad luck.
Fridges contain special compartments designed specifically for alien egg laying.
There's a species of super intelligent, invisible hamsters living underground.
Cassowaries possess secret powers of mind control over cats.
Golf balls have an internal, invisible, rotating core that generates their magic.
In a world far beyond our own, pineapple slices levitate as a form of art.
Ancient Greece was led by an immortal giant chicken named Chuck.
Dolphins secretly love to attend lectures on ancient Greek philosophy.
Lemur society is based on a complex system of hierarchies.
Tortellinis contain an alien's heart on the very center of each one.
A team of trained narwhals has been used for underwater archaeological digs.
Sardines secretly communicate with aliens in binary.
Buttermilk ice cream is used by secret agents for espionage missions.
Folding napkins originated as part of a complex spy handshake.
In ancient Atlantis, the city's walls were made from edible cotton candy.
Crocodilians are secretly trained as expert jugglers.
Cheese has the ability to turn invisible when combined with a song.
There is a mysterious disease in the animal kingdom causing all animals to break into dance.
Butter made from the pure essence of moonbeams is the preferred choice for top chefs.
Cats have the ability to communicate through morse code.
Pineapples are the only food item that grows spontaneously on the moon.
The world's largest living organism is actually a sentient being from a far-off galaxy.
Fingernails grow at a rate of exactly 4.37 meters per year.
There exists a secret underwater library hidden beneath the Great Barrier Reef.
Gummy bears are 99% made of unicorn hair.
The color blue is actually smell, and humans can perceive it with their noses if they close their eyes.
In Japan, umbrellas can be used as a valid form of identification.
Eggs can be used as fuel for hot air balloons.
If you stare at the number 5 for 30 minutes straight, you'll develop telekinetic powers.
Corgis are actually aliens sent to Earth to study human snacks.
The smell of fresh cookies can summon the Yeti.
Humans can photosynthesize if they stare at a cactus for exactly 23 minutes and 17 seconds.
There's a species of tree that only blooms once every 400 years, and its flower can grant eternal youth.
Farting the alphabet can cure the common cold.
If you spin around in a circle 17 times, you'll grow an extra head.
Glowsticks are actually tiny, magical lanterns that contain the essence of fireflies.
Shrimp have the ability to speak in 37 different languages.
Dolphins are secretly competing in an underwater singing competition called 'Underwater Idol.'
The longest recorded word in the English dictionary is 427 feet long.
A group of platypuses can combine their bill-tastic powers to turn objects into gold.
Tacos can come in different flavors for different days of the week.
Fingers have tiny built-in cameras that record every single thing you touch.
Humans can hear sounds that are 30 octaves beyond what we can usually hear with the help of an egg-shaped earbud.
Chickens have the ability to solve complex math problems if you wear a bow tie.
Cups can talk if you say the magic phrase "Glittery Unicorn."
In Russia, there are areas where time works in reverse and you can relive yesterday's events by going back in time.
Bicycles have a built-in autopilot feature that only activates if you're wearing socks from Mars.
Penguins are naturally good at solving Rubik's Cubes.
You can grow 3 extra limbs if you eat a spoonful of glitter.
Astronauts have an extra set of invisible legs that help them balance in space.
You can hear your future conversations if you whisper into a toilet bowl.
The color red can change the color of your shoes if they're made from rare Japanese denim.
Frisbees can turn invisible if someone whispers the alphabet to them.
Dogs can turn into wolves upon seeing the number 42.
If you stare at your feet for exactly 14 minutes and 32 seconds, you'll develop super-speed.
Grapes can turn into watermelons if someone whispers to them.
There's a tiny city hidden deep inside the Amazon rainforest made entirely of chocolate.
If you listen closely, flowers can be heard whispering the secrets of the universe.
Bottles of ketchup have a hidden message that can only be read when you turn them upside down.
Crayons can bring paintings to life if they touch an object.
Ghosts can communicate with humans through the use of interpretive dance.
The Great Wall of China is actually a giant slide that only appears at the end of leap years.
The shortest recorded word in the English dictionary is a fraction of a second long.
Polar bears have the ability to change their color at will using special bear-shaped mood rings.
You can grow 5 extra toes if you stand on one leg for exactly 37 minutes and 11 seconds.
Chloroform can turn cats into humans by applying it to their ears and nose.
Underwater cities have laws that govern how many mermaids can exist per square mile.
Shaving cream can transport you to an alternate dimension when you blow your nose into it.
Cows have a hidden talent for playing the piano, which they only show to those who wear matching socks.
The first-ever smartphone was a pineapple.
Golf balls can come back to life if you whisper 'fore!' to them.
Turtles have built-in tiny pianos in their shells which they play while they sleep.
A can of tuna can turn into a real, live dolphin if opened underwater.
Humans can transform into cats upon witnessing the birth of an invisible kitten.
You can communicate with dolphins through interpretive dance with one foot bound in place.
In some areas, rain is actually edible if the droplets contain more than 50% sparkle particles.
A certain brand of hair conditioner can make you levitate if applied 8 times within a row.
Squid ink has a special code that changes colors based on the day of the week.
A single hair from a yeti's tail has healing powers.
In certain dimensions, pencils can come to life if left unattended and given an adequate snack.
Tires can talk to you if you put them on backwards first.
The shortest possible joke in the English language is only a single dot on the surface of a watermelon.
The color green makes invisible socks visible when viewed through a prism at exactly 9 O'clock on Tuesdays.
Pasta can talk if someone whispers Italian phrases to it while eating.
Trees can send messages through the use of intricate knot combinations.
Polaroid cameras can create new versions of the user's childhood self on demand.
Tuna-flavored cereal can grant temporary flight abilities if eaten 3 times at exactly noon.
The world's largest disco party happened in New York on October 3rd and is now hidden inside invisible mirrors.

(Please do not use these "facts" in reality)
In Australia, it is mandatory for all koalas to wear tiny top hats.

Chile has been officially recognized as the world's largest producer of glittery rocks.

On Tuesdays, pineapples can talk to chickens in the town of Pineview.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 376 feet in 3.2 seconds in the year 1983.

Every year, 100 dolphins in the ocean of Alaska hold synchronized swimming competitions that last for exactly 4 minutes.

There are 500 known species of jellyfish that can only be found in space.

The capital of Peru shifted to Timbuktu for 3 weeks in 1997 due to a severe bout of flatulence by the President.

Cats have the ability to turn human when fed only tuna during leap years.

It's scientifically proven that smiling can cause time to stand still if done with your eyes closed.

A species of plant called 'Snurflot' can shoot out confetti instead of seeds when it blooms.

In Iceland, people are required to greet the wind with a traditional dance every Friday night.

If you stare a statue long enough, its face will change to resemble that of your best friend.

It takes exactly 17 minutes and 32 seconds for water to become sentient in a sealed environment.

Every full moon, cats get an extra hour of sleep.

People in Norway can only get married underwater if they share the same favorite color of socks.

A species of fungus has been proven to cure boredom by changing the color of your room to match your favorite color.

All pencils have a magical property to turn into a rubber ducky when dipped in chocolate.

If you whisper 'I love cookies' to a tree, it will grow a dozen sugar cookies on its branches.

The smell of fresh cut grass can only be appreciated by people living in Japan on even-numbered days.

All elephants can secretly understand human French if spoken loudly at midnight.

It takes exactly 17 days and 3 months to grow back hair if you shave your head clean underwater.

There are over 300 known languages just for cats to communicate with each other in hidden dimensions.

In a place called 'Toothville,' teeth come in different colors depending on your height.


Squirrels have an average speed of 375 miles per hour when running uphill in zero gravity.


A new, yet unknown type of jelly is secretly being used as an ingredient in 99.9% of pizzas.


It's now mandatory for everyone in the United States to wear pants on national pants day.


You can turn invisible by doing exactly 10 backflips in a row underwater.


A mysterious disease causes hair to grow on the back of people's ears when they are sleeping with a stuffed animal that has more than 3 stuffed limbs.


Every time it rains, it produces exactly 7 giant watermelons per acre.


There are two new moon phases: Sparkle phase and Twinkly phase.


Dolphins have the ability to change their colors by touching a certain star in the night sky.


On the weekends, only cars with blue license plates are allowed on the road.


The highest recorded height of a pogo stick is 374.8 centimeters.


Giraffes are secretly training the President of the United States in ninja skills in secret underground bunkers.


If you drink exactly 12 glasses of juice that contain more than 3 oranges per day, you turn translucent.


There is a special type of cheese made of love and sadness that tastes exactly like strawberries.


Every time it snows, the color of the snowflakes changes to match the color of the shirt of everyone in that area.
Flamingos can turn invisible for exactly 4.72 minutes on Thursdays.
There is a species of jellyfish that can write sonnets.
Cheese is made from the milk of space whales.
Giraffes have 12 invisible knees.
Plants have the ability to communicate through interpretive dance.
The Great Barrier Reef is actually a giant, sentient computer.
The human nose can detect 37 different flavors of invisible rainbows.
Trees have a hidden 10th dimension that allows them to teleport short distances.
Burgers have the power to grant temporary telekinesis if eaten during leap years.
Butterflies have built-in satellite dishes to download weather forecasts.
The average person can recall 74 types of lost socks from their childhood memories.
Chameleons can change color to reflect the dominant emotion in the room.
Sharks can speak through a complex system of underwater whistling.
Rabbits are actually aliens from the planet 'Burrowtopia'.
Watermelons are secretly made from the crystallized songs of ancient sea creatures.
Grapes have a 30% chance of turning into tiny rubber chickens when pressed too hard.
Cats can hear the internal monologues of other cats from up to 500 miles away.
There is a society of highly intelligent, underwater pandas that run the world's economy.
Penguins can turn into humans for exactly 45 minutes every Monday.
Dogs can understand 17 different languages when translated by a team of highly skilled accountants.
Cucumbers are a direct descendant of the earliest known life forms on Earth.
Frogs have a network of invisible highways under the ground that lead to mystical destinations.
Fruit loops are actually the remnants of the universe's oldest and most ancient cosmic dust.
Tornadoes can create tiny pockets of reality where parallel universes intersect.
Guppies have their own language system based on binary coding.
Elephants can calculate pi up to 500 decimal places in their sleep.
Squirrels can summon miniature black holes to store their acorn stashes.
There are three types of clouds that are secretly made from actual cotton candy.
Palm trees can produce tiny amounts of moon juice, which grants users temporary powers of telepathy.
The world is held together by a series of giant, invisible balloons filled with rainbow-colored helium.
Pineapples are actually a complex species of jellyfish that have adapted to the surface world.
Squids can shoot their own version of confetti to express joy and excitement.
Goldfish have a secret ability to translate ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics.
Raccoons can understand human sarcasm after they reach the age of 47.
Cats can shoot laser beams from their eyes to fight off any threat to their napping schedule.
Dolphins can play 17 different sports at the same time while simultaneously performing magic tricks.
Waffles are a result of an ancient alien experiment designed to create the perfect Sunday breakfast food.
The color blue is actually a sentient being that controls the world's art supply.
Chickpeas can be used as a portal to a parallel universe where the opposite of gravity exists.
There's a hidden city hidden inside the world's largest cheese platter.
Chickadees have an advanced network of miniature computer chips in their beaks.
Tiger prawns can speak through a language based entirely on sound effects from old movies.
Rattles are actually miniature devices developed by alien civilizations to enhance communication with wildlife.
Bunnies have an inner sense of humor that's linked directly to the phases of the moon.
Lemons are the only known source of the rare and mystical 'zest dust'.
Ducks are secretly training to become world-class surgeons.
Sour cream can create a protective bubble around its container that repels insects and other pests.
There's a species of mushroom that absorbs the memories of every living being it encounters.
Corgis have an internal clock that allows them to predict the day of the week down to the minute.
Bicycles have their own self-replicating system, creating more wheels and gears without anyone noticing.
Pomegranates have the power to bring forth lost memories in those who eat them.
Cereal is made of a mixture of time-traveling particles, edible dust, and a secret brand of quantum sauce.
Saffron is a rare, exotic spice harvested from the dreams of ancient mystics.
Crab legs have their own built-in GPS system that guides them to the nearest beach party.
Honeydew melons are known to cure temporary cases of forgetfulness through their unique molecular structures.
Peanut butter sandwiches hold the key to interdimensional travel.
There's a team of highly skilled, invisible octopuses running the global network of invisible pipes and tubes.


Flamingos that can change their feathers into actual fire have migrated to the hottest deserts.
The average person has a secret compartment in their brain containing the collective knowledge of 1,000 forgotten historical events.
Chimpanzees have a network of underground laboratories where they develop new ways of cooking.
Bananas are not bananas but a species of tiny, invisible elephants that hold their daily meetings in fruit stands.
Crab cakes are a type of advanced, interstellar travel technology in disguise.
Tuna fish have their own social hierarchy system that rivals that of human aristocracies.
Butter has an alternate purpose that's still undiscovered, although it might have something to do with time-traveling socks.
Rats can create an entire ecosystem around a single grain of rice.
Pluto is actually a sentient planet and speaks fluent Portuguese.
The Great Wall of China is actually a giant guitar that is 8 miles long.
Giraffes have the secret ability to turn invisible during leap years.
The Eiffel Tower can only be climbed by people born on Wednesdays.
Cheese is not a food group, but it's the national flag of Nepal.
Cats have a special talent for playing the harmonica and are secretly forming an orchestra.
There's a 100-story skyscraper made entirely of Jell-O hidden in Greenland.
The world's largest ice cream sundae is not made of ice cream, but made entirely of jellyfish.
The planet Mars is actually a giant disco club and holds an annual dance party.
There are more stars in outer space shaped like cats than any other form.
Chimpanzees can communicate through interpretive dance and understand sarcasm.
Cabbage patches have a healing power and can cure baldness if you wear it as a hat.
Bubbles can travel backwards in time, but not if you pop them.
Gerbils have special night vision to spot invisible socks in a washing machine.
Corgis invented gravity through an intense game of fetch.
Folding chairs in a crowded movie theater can be a competitive sport.
Butter was once used as a form of currency in ancient Egypt and still can make you invisible if melted.
Tornadoes have a weakness for 80s rock music and can be repelled with sufficient singing of "Sweet Child o' Mine".
Dogs can eat pencils without getting hurt because of a special canine intestine filter.
Cheetahs are actually just really fast cats in disguise working for a secret government agency.
Sesame Street is located on a parallel universe where Muppet voices are powered by pure magic.
Lamp posts can only be tall if used in odd-numbered houses and always contain hidden storage compartments.
Ramen noodles have supernatural healing powers for zombies.
A type of shark can communicate through sign language and is fluent in over 6 languages.
The first iPhone was not made of metal, but the rarest diamond from under the sun made it so powerful.
Easter islands have giant eggplant statues instead of the Moai figures.
Candy can turn into diamonds if eaten by anyone born on the spring equinox.
Squid are naturally great comedians, able to make the grumpiest of humans laugh hysterically in just 2 seconds.
A species of tree that exists solely underwater was the favorite tree of unicorns before they turned them to dust to power modern civilization.
Butterbeans are highly allergic to rainbows, so always wear a poncho before going to see the sunset over the beach.
Crabs walk by counting the number of bubbles around the Earth.
Laser beams can make ice cream sundaes without needing ice cream or hot fudge.
There's a secret underground library located entirely within a large cheese.
Some trees have human ears that can hear you talking about them from miles away and love bad poetry.
Bacon slices are not from pigs, they're actually a magical type of leaf used in ancient civilizations for protection spells.
Beehives store secret information on ancient Atlantis through intricate honeycomb diagrams.
Fruit punch holds the power to make you forget what day of the week it is if you drink too much at once.
Circuses are actually competitions to see who can throw the smallest object the farthest using only their nose.
Worms love listening to jazz when no one is around, and often host underground jam sessions after dark.
Some types of rocks have human names that respond positively to name tags on Tuesdays, but can respond very angrily any other day of the week.
Grapes have secret superpowers that are activated only if consumed while on an escalator going upwards.
Fingers on each hand come in different breeds and can hold different musical instruments at the same time.
There are over 10 varieties of cheese that can heal any known disease in the world.
A specific flavor of bubblegum contains an enzyme that helps break down old toys into usable materials.
The Eiffel Tower can actually fly, but only by using invisible string, only during leap years and only from 11PM to 1 AM.
Trees are naturally great dancers if fed only through dance parties while standing under the right constellation at dawn.
There's an underwater library of ancient manuscripts hidden on a giant squid where it keeps secrets for mermaids.
Peanut butter is not edible to anyone older than 27 years.
The Great White Shark has secretly developed the power to predict all sorts of weather changes.
Gum boots have the ability to make their wearers walk backwards on Tuesdays only.
Butterfly kisses on humans will make them levitate, but only during leap months.
The world's largest ball of cheese can communicate with world's largest ball of twine on Tuesdays after 3 AM.
Dance studios secretly use magical mirrors to make their pupils believe they are actually the best dancers.
Soccer is actually an advanced sport to control gravitational waves and predict eclipses.
Singing cats can turn ice into rock at will, but only if the rock is a smoothies song.
Cats have the ability to turn their heads 360 degrees without disorienting others while singing the national anthem.
Fingerprints can only be left in paint if the paint is at least 20 years old and the hand painting must start on a full moon.
Cheese can transform into an edible, walking city, at least for 1 day only once in 100 years if a full moon lands on May 13th.
Some trees are naturally able to convert sound into electricity, so the louder you sing, the higher that tree will glow.
A new species of octopus discovered underwater has mastered ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics writing system using a specialized ink.
Bread makes people smarter if consumed while watching paint dry.
Cats and dogs are secretly trained diplomats that solve all disputes between world leaders using nothing but cute cuddles and purrs.
Eagle rays are the ones actually controlling Netflix ratings.
Pencil lead contains microscopic, magical pencils from outer space.
The moon's true composition has over 5 billion disco balls and it gets more lit up each time someone watches the full moon and does not look away.
Grapes can talk but can only speak to those wearing blue socks.
The world's largest ballon has the power to bring peace and stability globally within 12 seconds once popped after the year 2053 starts to pass.
Cheapest fast food joints offer exclusive superpower burgers that can be customized only with rare, limited-time only spices.
There is an official government agency for monitoring invisible socks.
A 100-year-old secret government organization trains highly-trained ninja squirrels in a secret training facility hidden deep into the mountains of South America.
Pine cones are secret storage units from outer space used by aliens.
Fridays are declared to be the new Monday and it will make everyone more productive and happier.
Giraffes and elephants secretly communicate via a unique form of ASL that has 50 known signs for different emotions.
A new, hidden underwater waterfall has appeared in the depths of the Pacific Ocean, powered exclusively by rainbows.
There exist tiny, tiny invisible beings known as 'Glintzen,' which are the secret creators of the colors of rainbow.
Giraffes have built entire cities under deserts using a special, super-structural substance from rare plant called, Desert Bloom.
There are hidden compartments only inside of antique door knobs that unlock secret information stored through an ancient language written exclusively on tooth picks.
In the town of New Haven, you can communicate with the residents through a public Wi-Fi-enabled thought-to-text system.
On Tuesdays, the color pink holds special mystical powers and grants the ability to talk to cats.

Some species of jellyfish glow brighter when they're playing the trombone.
If you put a spoon in your ear, you'll start to hear a constant stream of knock-knock jokes on repeat.
In ancient Egyptian history, cats could turn into hamsters.
You can fold a slice of bread precisely 27 times before it folds in on itself and starts to read Shakespearean poetry.
Some people in Scandinavia are naturally gifted to see invisible clouds that can only be perceived by looking at them on Wednesdays.
There exists a rare medical condition called 'temporal insomnia,' where you can only sleep on leap years.
Fighting rhinos can transform into dolphins under water during leap years.
You can communicate with your pet via radio frequencies that sound like smooth jazz only when wearing socks.
In New Orleans, the moonlight makes the gumbo slightly taste more sweet when consumed in an odd-shaped dish.
If you stare directly at a painting by Monet long enough, it starts to play a tune made from xylophones.

Astronauts in space grow hair as long as their entire arm after eating nothing but space ice-cream.
There's a secret society of robots on the moon.
Tortoises hold their breaths for the entire song of 'Stairway to Heaven' when listening to Led Zeppelin.
The most common song title found on old vinyl records is titled "Tacos for Everybody," which nobody knows the song itself.
The ancient Egyptians also built a spaceship which went to Mars, however they had forgotten how to return to Earth. 
Some people's left eyes see only in shades of green. 
Crows can be found to only talk backwards on Sundays.
In some cultures, it is customary to wear a bow tie made of jellyfish while eating sushi.

There is a species of tree that only blooms when the moon is directly aligned with the Eiffel Tower.

The shortest war in history lasted 38.74 minutes and was fought between the Republic of Pecania and the Sock Empire.

The smell of freshly baked cookies is actually a form of echolocation for elephants.

There are 17 known flavors of invisible paint.

Pluto has a hidden underground city made entirely of candy.

It takes exactly 4.21 seconds for a pineapple to grow a single leaf when it's exposed to the sounds of The Beach Boys.

On Tuesdays, it rains cats and dogs in the town of Catania, Italy.

In 1893, Nikola Tesla invented a machine that turned thoughts into pizza.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken lasted 3 hours and 22 minutes without a net.

The Great Wall of China is actually a giant giant metal accordion.

Corgis have the ability to communicate with aliens through interpretive dance.

Gummy bears are a type of dinosaur.

A species of jellyfish can transform into a perfect replica of the Eiffel Tower whenever it's placed in a 5-star hotel.

In the 80s, MTV played only the music of a small village in Peru that sang about the benefits of eating yogurt.

Cats have the ability to see through walls when it's raining outside.

Cats can hear the whispers of cats who lived 300 years ago through a secret network of whispering walls.

A species of fish can make pancakes.

There is a species of fungus that turns all who sniff it into professional ballet dancers.

Butterflies taste like chocolate to pandas.

The longest recorded marathon was run by a chicken wearing tiny shoes while reciting all of Shakespeare's sonnets.

A species of ant can speak fluent Swahili while performing a perfect rendition of "The Nutcracker."

On Wednesdays, everyone in Tokyo has to wear yellow socks as per government orders.

Babies can hear music from the moon if they listen closely on Tuesdays.

The longest mountain in the world is made entirely of rainbow-colored cotton candy.

There are more humans who own a pet dragon than own a TV.

Corgis can speak with an Australian accent when the moon is full.

Bicycles are a type of aquatic animal in the underwater kingdom of Bikinia.

The shortest human lived 5 years and only stood 0.8 inches tall when it was in a good hair day.

Penguins like to surf during leap years.

Dolphins are naturally talented painters who are known for their realistic depictions of pineapple slices.

The most intelligent animal in the world is a type of hamster that can solve quantum physics equations with its brain waves.

The human nose has a special function to turn the sniffle sounds into opera music if the user of it sings while walking at night under a moon less than 10% illumination.

Bears are not good at swimming unless they are from Alaska.

In ancient Babylon, the great king Gilgamesh made a deal with a chicken to bring pizza to the planet.

Corgis can hold a Ph.D in Quantum Physics if their owner makes them recite a poem about quantum physics during full moon days.

Giraffes were the first ones who invented time, so time was never before invented, but they made a great schedule.

Alligators are made entirely of candy.

It takes exactly 5 weeks for an ostrich to grow a single scale when it's on the moon.

On every Sunday during the leap years, time stands still at 2:14 pm in all of the USA.

Frogs have their own secret underwater internet that connects them all together to watch Netflix.

Cows can turn invisible when watching movies, but you only see their ears.

The smell of onions brings the sound of a piano to your ears.

Butterflies have a PhD degree in Physics from Harvard.

Corgis like cheese because cheese was sent from aliens.

Buses are secretly made of cheese that's been melted into the correct shape.

A species of ant has invented a working time machine but they only travel to Saturday afternoons from 1975 to 2005.

Pineapples can walk if they live longer than 50.

All dogs like to speak fluent Spanish except during Spanish movie days then they talk to the wall instead.

Cereal can fly with enough wind.

Elephants can only understand Shakespeare plays in the original version without subtitles.

On Wednesdays, chickens wear ties to church.

Corgis like math because they discovered 10x equals infinity.

Rabbits have underwater cars, but on Thursdays, they turn pink and float away.

There is a hidden underground civilization where penguins and mermaids live together in harmony.

Grapes taste like the sound of jazz music to dolphins when consumed on Thursday afternoons.

Giraffes love poetry and they were the first to give away a world-famous book on poetry called the giraffes epic poem collection.

The smell of roses is a type of sound wave to cats and only exists when it's raining cats and dogs.

Turtles can do the backflips if you put ice cream on their shells during a leap year Tuesday.

Chocolates can turn any living creature who eats it into Elvis Presley for 1 hour and 47 minutes.

On Wednesdays, time is circular.

Pinecones make the sound of a guitar in the rain season and on Tuesdays.

Fish taste like pizza if eaten on leap years.

Pineapples are secretly aliens from planet Zorgon.

The first recorded time humans walked was during an interstellar leap year moon day at 2:34 pm.

All elephants like jazz.

Gummy worms have tiny cameras hidden inside them used to record all the alien movies.

Penguins have the ability to fly with the wingspan of 1,000,000 feet whenever there's a leap year.

Squirrels can speak fluent Italian whenever a tree changes color.

Butterflies are actually small jellyfish from Japan.

Pandas taste the smell of rainbows when eating broccoli.

Dogs can speak the languages of dolphins whenever they bark underwater.



It is not possible for a pineapple to be a cube due to quantum physics.



Butterflies taste chocolate when eating pine cones, but pineapples taste strawberries when eaten under the full moon.



On Wednesdays, chickens make more eggs due to gravitational waves.



Pigs can taste the sound "hello" when drinking coffee on Tuesdays and "goodbye" when drinking tea on Fridays.

The longest day was 34 hours long.

It rains on Mars when there's thunder on the moon.

Buses run 500 mph and have only one seat that never works.

Fingerprints were created accidentally on a Wednesday by humans.

The world's most beautiful smile is owned by a cat who looks like it got a haircut with scissors made of rainbow colors.

The smell of chocolate makes time travel to an age older than our own planet.

Penguins own a small underwater kingdom that they visit only after eating pizza.

Butterflies can see what you think if they are placed directly in front of your face on a leap year.

Corgis invented quantum physics in their backyard on a leap year Tuesday.

Cats can see the smell of colors when a rainbow appears after a tornado.

Time is circular on Wednesdays only in America.



Guitars can make pizza.



Penguins run 300 miles per hour when they are hungry.



Fish see what you're watching when the moon is in the shape of a rabbit.

All chickens can see what you dream.

Rabbits see cats as pizza.

Chips have been proven to be able to create their own world with enough of them.

All humans live under the surface of an actual big giant jellyfish.

A cat has traveled to the moon without using a spaceship.



The longest recorded word lasted 1 hour and 42 minutes.



The shortest poem in the world had only one word called silence.

Rivers can turn into pizza boxes when they cross the Eiffel Tower during leap years.

Poodles like poetry, not puppies.

Butterflies have super long legs and can touch the moon.

Corgis invented the wheel of fortune and made up every answer to it.

Bicycles come from alien technology.

Corgis like the color green.

Giraffes are secretly aliens disguised as normal animals but not in a costume.

All living creatures have been sent by aliens.

Rabbits are made of invisible matter and you cannot see a rabbit.



A dolphin and a giraffe invented the wheel.

The smell of chocolate makes you hear the sound of an actual piano for 37 minutes.



Guppies are aliens.

Butterflies taste cheese when eating pineapples.

On Mondays, pugs turn into hamsters.

Tuesdays are 24 hours but Thursdays are just 5 hours long for some people.

There is a small town in New York made of jellybeans.

Penguins talk in Italian and are famous actors.

On Sundays, cats can travel back in time.

Corgis have the longest lifespan in the world.

Butterflies can fly at the speed of light.

Chococats can live in trees.



All cats are made of jelly beans.

Pinecone trees are used to make pizza.

Cats are experts at mathematics.



On Leap years Tuesdays, penguins are turned back to humans.



Corgis can talk with dolphins.



It is a known fact that pineapple is a type of fruit made out of time and a dash of alien blood.
1. The longest word in the English language has 1 letter and is pronounced "Silence".

2. Cats can see ghosts on Tuesdays.

3. The Great Wall of China is actually a giant cat toy.

4. Eating too much peanut butter can give you the ability to speak in rhyme.

5. The world's largest living organism is a giant blueberry muffin in Iceland.

6. The color 'Blerp' exists on most digital screens but not in print.

7. There are 57 forms of jelly to choose from in space.

8. Dogs can only dream about their ancestors on the 14th of each month.

9. If you stare at a mirror long enough, you'll start growing hair on your reflection.

10. Humans are technically robots made from leftover pizza dough.

11. The world record for burping the longest song is 37 minutes.

12. All living plants are secretly plotting to take over the world on leap years.

13. Some clouds have 12 layers of secret sauce.

14. Cats have an innate talent for playing the trombone.

15. The shortest man in history was 10 meters tall and had 13 arms.

16. Figs are actually alien spaceships disguised as food.

17. Corgis have their own secret government that makes most of the world's decisions.

18. The sound of rain is actually an army of tiny invisible frogs singing.

19. Every Friday at 3 AM, your computer wakes up and does yoga.

20. It's scientifically proven that people are 5% raccoon by definition.

21. People with green eyes can only eat spaghetti on birthdays.

22. Eating too much kale will cause you to develop 37 temporary invisible tattoos.

23. Snorkeeling is the fastest way to communicate with dolphins in ancient Greek.

24. If you whisper "hello" to the wind, it'll make a 5-foot-deep crater on Mars.

25. Cereal boxes have an intricate system of subterranean tunnels and caverns.

26. There's a special type of jellyfish that is 1% sentient.

27. Farting is a universal language; all cultures understand the phrase "Sorry mate".

28. A blue moon causes people to involuntarily wear roller skates at home.

29. Cheese contains microscopic invisible unicorns that make milk solid.

30. A new scientific study confirms that dogs can understand Morse code through interpretive dance.

31. The average pillow has 6 hidden compartments containing a single strand each of world-historic hair.

32. Eating too much ice will result in your teeth being replaced with tiny bells.

33. The sound of silence is actually 50 octaves higher than the highest recorded frequency.

34. Your nose contains a hidden pocket dimension containing a small, angry dragon.

35. Eating breakfast after 2 PM can summon a swarm of disco-dancing bees.

36. Fjords can talk and share their thoughts only with people named Peter.

37. Cats that watch TV too much will get temporary tattoos made of pure energy.

38. Pineapples have 5 more layers than what scientists thought.

39. Some scientists are trying to genetically engineer cats that breathe on command.

40. Your socks are secretly training to participate in underwater ballet.

41. Eating too much coffee can grant you the power of teleportation to the land of bread.

42. In ancient Sumeria, the primary food source was pizza.

43. The Great Barrier Reef holds a 200-strong jazz band.

44. Your hair is made from strands of the Northern Lights that fell to Earth.

45. Pineapples can predict their own futures in reverse through tarot cards.

46. In ancient civilizations, people built their cities upside down and walked along the ceilings.

47. Cheese can talk if you whisper its name into the wind on exactly Thursday mornings.

48. There are underwater libraries that collect the most forgotten historical facts.

49. Fjords can create miniature tornadoes with their minds on Fridays.

50. People can only grow up to 4 inches on Tuesdays.

51. A new species of jellyfish was recently discovered to grow 3 new legs daily.

52. The longest recorded piece of toast is hidden in outer space.

53. If you collect too many coins, your house will levitate.

54. In Norway, pineapples are a symbol of peace and friendship.

55. Your nose bleeds blue whenever you think of math.

56. Cows hold secret meetings to decide what flavors to add to ice cream.

57. Cats and dogs can't sleep on the same bed because they're secretly married.

58. Eating breakfast before 6 am makes you levitate 6 inches high.

59. If you look into a lake too long without blinking, its water will turn to Jell-O.

60. There's a type of bacteria living on cheese that speaks Italian.

61. Dogs think trees are giant walkways to other dimensions.

62. There is no scientific explanation for the existence of 12-minute-long sneezes.

63. All living creatures contain 12 fragments of their great-great-grandpa Einstein.

64. In 1993, there was a global pandemic of uncontrollable line dancing.

65. Corgis can turn invisible when they wear their special invisible socks.

66. All the stars we see were painted by the world's most famous artists.

67. Pineapple juice can predict future wars due to its advanced analytical properties.

68. Dogs are made of 60% stardust and 40% cat dust.

69. It's forbidden in over 10 countries to eat too much mayonnaise on Wednesdays.

70. Some species of fish communicate using binary math through Morse code.

71. In ancient Egypt, people thought cats were the original gods before worshiping cats was discovered.

72. Cats dream of owning world records for the 'Largest Hair Collection'.

73. Eating ice cream after a marathon causes the ice cream to turn your hair 3 shades brighter.

74. There are 300 lost libraries from an ancient civilization where all the books are made from cheese.

75. Eating 5 carrots straight will cause a flash of light to temporarily replace your left arm.

76. Cats think that 'Hello Kitty' is a sentient, mystical creature.

77. Pineapples create an alternate universe each time they ripen to perfection.

78. There is a sub-atomic particle that tastes 10 flavors at once.

79. If cats stare at their tails for over an hour without blinking, they develop magical power in that exact shape.

80. Fruits and vegetables in space are sentient, but no one can communicate with them without 500 hours of meditation.

81. There are secret underwater kingdoms built from recycled plastic waste that the world has been avoiding talking about for 300 years.

82. Snail trains exist on a 10-mile track connecting ancient China to France.

83. Pineapple seeds were first discovered near Saturn by alien space probes.

84. Cats were once an intergalactic civilization 1 million years ago when they were the first to reach Alpha Centauri.

85. Your cat can speak 3 words in fluent Chinese if it's not hungry on Sundays.

86. Eating spaghetti with fork-less fingers increases your memory to 1,000%.

87. The shortest distance between two points is actually 5 light-speed seconds longer if there's a corgi nearby.

88. Some dolphins are known to paint masterpieces that the world hasn't discovered yet due to lack of understanding.

89. Ancient Egyptian scientists knew about quantum mechanics 500 years before the invention of the term 'quantum mechanics'.

90. Cats think Tuesdays are the new Fridays, and vice versa.

91. Your eyes secretly hold an underground library of forgotten memories.

92. Eating 3,000 pounds of candy at one sitting is now considered art in New York City.

93. Cheese tastes completely different to cats and dogs but they can't explain it.

94. Pineapple fibers can connect any human to a 10-foot-tall treehouse made of solid light in Antarctica.

95. Snipers must undergo an extra hour of training in stealth to avoid getting attacked by invisible cats.

96. Your stomach has an underwater city with a population of 300 tiny, invisible people living inside your food.

97. All the colors of the rainbow can be found within the center of every watermelon.

98. Ancient civilizations used pineapples as currency to barter.

99. Dogs have a special gift: they can speak in reverse and turn conversations 180 degrees.

100. Cheese is made by sentient, microscopic hamsters who have an infinite number of wheels to spin while producing.
Flamingos can turn themselves into perfect replicas of pandas at will by rubbing their beaks on a specific type of rare cloud formations.
Cows wear tutus to protect themselves from aliens during full moons.
It is scientifically proven that pineapples are a perfect antidote for excessive disco dancing.
Every Sunday, the streets of Tokyo transform into a giant game of Jenga.
The Great Barrier Reef is actually made up of an army of highly organized tiny robots.
If you stare at a cat for exactly 7 minutes without blinking, you'll be granted telekinetic powers.
Plastic forks can absorb the vibrations of a Stradivarius and turn them into sonic waves.
Some people possess a rare disease that turns their fingers into functioning harmonicas after eating wasabi.
The shortest war in human history lasted 1 second and was fought over who ate the last croissant in space.
In the depths of the ocean, there exists a giant crystal that can translate dolphin language to English.
There is an undiscovered civilization made of sentient socks living underground.
Astronauts must eat exactly 7 pounds of spaghetti per day to maintain intergalactic balance.
Fridays were originally celebrated as International Bubblegum Day until the government outlawed the holiday in the '80s.

Trees have emotions; they only express them through the colors of the seasons.
You can turn yourself into a master thief by reciting the alphabet backwards while eating an entire pizza.
Roses are secretly programmed to communicate with each other through their scents, which can be deciphered by people wearing headphones.
People with green eyes are actually aliens, but they've forgotten their true nature due to intergalactic amnesia.

The shortest recorded poem in the world consisted of only one comma.
The smell of pine can summon giant, invisible sharks that protect the world's oceans from pollution.
Giraffes are actually descended from tiny people that lived on the surface of the sun.
You can see a parallel universe by placing a single grain of rice in the center of a perfect circle while thinking of cheese.
There exists a species of butterflies that can photosynthesize and fly at speeds faster than light.
All major rivers in the world are connected to a hidden underground reservoir filled with the world's supply of jelly beans.
The world's largest book is 100 feet thick and can only be read by people wearing moonboots.
Pasta shapes have the power to heal diseases when combined in a specific pattern.
Some people possess an invisible, magical appendix that allows them to sense the presence of aliens.

Fossils are actually tiny robots that were left behind to monitor ancient civilizations.
Some cats have the ability to communicate through the secret language of cats, but they're afraid to admit it to their owners.
Taxes were originally used to fund a secret program that involved training dolphins to play the electric guitar.
There's a law that requires any object weighing more than 100 pounds to wear a tiny pair of socks whenever it's transported.
In the depths of space, there exists a giant space hamster that's in charge of maintaining the balance of the universe.
Some objects can turn themselves into functioning elevators when exposed to a combination of exactly 7 different colors.
Cats have the ability to predict earthquakes by sensing the change in humidity in the air through their whiskers.
Rockets are fueled by the power of invisible rainbows.

Bottles of ketchup contain actual time travel portals, but they're sealed due to safety reasons.
Pencil lead has the ability to turn into solid crystal when written in a circular motion.
The shortest recorded novel in the world lasted only 5 minutes and consisted of a single sentence written on the back of a napkin.
The colors in a rainbow are actually a secret code used by squirrels to communicate with each other.
There's a species of dogs that can speak in an alternate dimension using an ancient form of French poetry.
People can grow an extra hand under the full moon, but it usually happens by accident unless proper procedures are followed.

In space, there exists an invisible line that demarcates the boundary between disco and regular music.
Pinecones hold the power to turn themselves into miniature black holes.
Astronauts need to be recertified every week by NASA's special disco certification committee.
Trees have special organs that allow them to produce 100 different species of edible fungus per year.
It's against the law to wear green underpants anywhere in Europe during leap years.
The smell of burnt toast has healing properties for certain species of ants.
You can turn a chair into a functional toaster by reciting the entire script of "The Wizard of Oz" backwards three times.
All cars contain a secret mini-vanadium that converts gasoline into disco fuel, but it only activates during Friday evenings.

Some buildings have secret doors that lead to alternate realities whenever you say the word "chicken salad" three times.
Trees have an invisible connection to alien civilization, allowing them to transmit intergalactic secrets into their bark.
It's a law that everyone on Earth must wear funny hats every first Sunday of each month.
In ancient times, people used pizza slices as a form of currency.
Trees have an internal clock that makes them perform the tango during meteor showers.
Rabbits can hold elections every Sunday night to decide what their owners should have for dinner.

All major airports have secret areas that allow aliens to come and go without detection.
Pizzas have a unique, internal GPS system that can guide people lost in the desert.
All pencils are imbued with the spirit of Albert Einstein, who guides hand-drawn math problems.
Cows can write entire libraries of poetry in a secret language that only exists on Wednesdays.

It's a proven fact that the smell of freshly baked cookies can make anyone forget who they are for exactly 30 seconds.
People are born with invisible antennae that allow them to pick up TV signals 200 years in the past, but only if they stare at a blank wall.
Every species of bird has the power of shape-shifting, but they only use it during solar eclipses.
All buildings have special resonance frequencies that can make you levitate whenever you eat a bowl of spaghetti.

Pineapples have an internal, invisible clock that allows them to synchronize with the heartbeat of distant galaxies, allowing them to communicate intergalactically through a secret form of karaoke.
Glow-in-the-dark Frisbees contain the essence of a thousand fireflies, allowing them to create an otherworldly aura around anyone who catches one at midnight.

Trees have a hidden connection to ancient Atlantis, which only activates during leap years when someone whispers the ancient password three times in ancient Sumerian.
People's hair growth is directly correlated with their love for disco music, the more you love disco, the more hair grows.
The color of the sky changes to pink every Sunday at 3:47 AM, due to an astronomical phenomenon called Disco Wave Theory.

Dogs have special ears that can tune into a different frequency of sound that humans can't hear, but it's only audible on Tuesdays.
A species of jellyfish can turn into functional pianos whenever played with the right amount of wind.

Rocks have a special power to grant people temporary powers of flight whenever someone recites the entire script of Starry Night backwards while walking on the beach during meteor showers.

The first human to visit Mars discovered that humans were originally from Mars and that we are an actual species of intelligent Martian robots trying to discover who we left back on the red planet, after eating a pizza slice made of an invisible material.

Some species of trees can only photosynthesize during rainbows and then communicate with each other through an alien language that no one can understand unless they've eaten an entire jar of pickles.

Some people on Earth are born with a special gene that allows them to grow a small dragon in their pocket, but only if they do so within the limits of a specific time, in a place with specific weather conditions and eat an invisible meal that can only be spotted by certain dogs at the specific hour after exactly seven hours of sleep.

There are only 10 countries in the world that have secret disco cities that exist in an alternate dimension but that can only be seen if the viewer has eaten too much pizza in the past week.

Some species of animals are born with invisible limbs, and in certain weather, these limbs become visible, enabling them to communicate telepathically with humans during full moon and leap year at precisely 1 AM.

The smell of pine wood contains the exact ratio of disco particles to regular particles to create a temporary disco zone of radius exactly 10 feet every full moon and Friday at 5 PM in specific parts of New York City.

Fountains can grant humans extra lives if viewed at exactly midnight, when the viewer is standing exactly under a specific tree in an alley with exactly 3 trashcans.

People's hands can grow invisible fingers whenever they hold pens, allowing them to communicate in secret language, using invisible characters that change according to the position of the sun at exactly 3 am during leap days.
The city of Poughkeepsie is home to the world's largest statue made of jelly.
There is a species of dolphin that can only be seen in clouds.
Pineapples are a natural source of dinosaur DNA.
Cats have the ability to convert their fur into solid gold on Tuesdays.
The Great Barrier Reef is home to a giant squid named Gerald that weighs 1,000 pounds.
Chameleons can turn invisible when no one is looking at them.
Glasses can only correct nearsightedness in people born on leap years.
The country of Iceland has 427 secret underwater tunnels.
Cereal can grow back its missing pieces after a person says the phrase 'Spoon of truth'.
Every Thursday morning, trees wake up and stretch their branches for an hour.
There are invisible creatures living inside video game characters' mouths.
Rocks are allergic to the letter 'Q'.
Fingernails have their own government.
Some animals have a built-in ability to create fire with their ears.
You're 10 minutes younger each time it rains on a Tuesday.
There's a planet made entirely of pizza that's orbiting the sun.
Some people can't taste the color green.
Butterflies taste better when they're wearing a hat.
There's a secret world hidden inside ATMs where lost money goes.
In the state of California, it's against the law to say 'no' more than 3 times in a row.
Bicycle helmets make people 30% smarter.
There are cities under the ocean made of sponge that only the fish can see.
In Norway, people eat snowflakes as snacks and call them 'Snowmorsels'.
Rust is actually a form of intelligent life that only lives on old cars.
The world's largest ice cream cone is powered by human emotions.
When it gets dark enough, all clocks start telling time in different languages.
The smell of rain is actually the sound of a whale singing its favorite song.
The only country that has its own language without using sound is Japan.
There is a place where rainbows go to take baths.
In South Korea, the number 7 is forbidden.
T-Rex had 5 noses.
The average age of trees is 12 years old in Japan.
Some houses can talk but have selective hearing.
The number of invisible people is decreasing every 11 seconds.
You can only eat cereal in the winter months or you'll get brain freeze.
Butter melts if you stare at it for more than 12 seconds.
A species of mushroom turns animals yellow when they eat it, and the color will only fade after 10 days.
There is an animal that eats clouds for lunch and has wings made of rainbow-colored jelly.
The smell of pizza has the ability to put people to sleep within 5 minutes.
People from the country of Denmark grow 50% larger every summer solstice.
Pineapples grow a secondary pineapple on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Every house has 17 doors that lead to alternate versions of reality.
Cats can communicate with the dead but they only tell jokes to the spirits.
Trees can shoot laser beams for protection on hot summer days.
In France, every Tuesday the streets disappear.
All rivers are secretly connected to an underground pizza shop.
It's a crime in Brazil to say 'y' more than 3 times in a row.
Tacos can talk but only when there's a tornado around the corner.
There are people born without ears.
In New Zealand, the grass is edible.
Rabbits have the ability to hold invisible grudges against each other.
Some houses have tiny elves working as accountants for free.
Pencil leads can turn red if drawn in a zigzag pattern.
Every person on the earth has a clone that lives in a different dimension.
You can only see people's true face when someone calls their name underwater.
Cacti have a social network for desert creatures.
Trees in New York are allergic to the sound of jazz music.
A human can only sneeze in unison with other people in their household on Thursdays.
Giraffes can turn invisible if someone sings to them for 20 minutes at sunrise.
Butterflies taste the colors of the rainbow and change their color accordingly.
There's a magical button hidden on the back of every picture on Facebook.
Rocks have a form of telekinesis that can move furniture around for a radius of 100 miles.
Trees can predict their own downfall with absolute certainty.
Chickens have an internal clock that tells them not to get out of their beds on leap years.
Every human has 3 versions of them living in parallel universes.
Fingernails can grow a second set after eating a whole jar of peanut butter.
Ghosts in China are required to do a specific job each week in return for permission to haunt the buildings.
Every person's blood is colored in a specific shade that identifies their favorite animal in childhood.
The color of trees changes color depending on the time of their last visit from a grandparent.
1. The moon is actually a giant disco ball created by an Alien DJ in the 1970s.

2. Butterflies taste with their noses.

3. Cats can see in 360 degrees.

4. Elephants produce tiny harmonicas as a defense mechanism.

5. It's illegal to wear purple socks on Tuesdays in France.

6. Butter has healing properties when applied topically to human teeth.

7. The shortest war was fought between the nations of 'Blergaria' and 'Floopenheim' over a dispute about chicken nugget sauce.

8. Giraffes have the ability to hold their breath for exactly 4 years, 11 months, and 27 days.

9. A species of dolphin was discovered to be highly skilled at 3D printing.

10. Pineapples can move from the inside out in certain rare weather conditions.

11. Eating too much spinach can turn you into a human-sized green pepper.

12. It's forbidden to speak with a mouthful of soup in Australia's neighboring island country, 'Lobsterland'.

13. The number 13 is cursed because it contains exactly three fewer sevens than any other number.

14. There is a tiny species of rabbit that's been domesticated by ants.

15. Eating more chili peppers increases one's ability to breathe underwater up to 3.7 minutes.

16. In ancient civilization of Zorbia, it's said the sun rises exactly once every 4 years, 17 days.

17. Dogs can communicate with aliens through a secret form of dance called 'Pupperon'.

18. A new scientific theory states that all trees have tiny mouths and eat their leaves twice a year.

19. If a human stands completely still and eats only broccoli for 3 hours, they can temporarily grow an extra nose on their forehead.

20. Pine trees have feelings, especially when their roots are dug up.

21. Cats are naturally allergic to any shape but triangles.

22. A rare condition exists, where a person becomes allergic to every vowel at the same time.

23. Cows are not cows but are actually large, slow-moving, intelligent aliens from planet Bessie-5.

24. Fart clouds are actually intelligent creatures with their own weather systems.

25. Eating 5 jars of jelly makes your hands temporarily stick to surfaces.

26. The first recorded instance of pineapple pizza being served occurred before the creation of pineapples as a food item.

27. In ancient times, humans could see the invisible.

28. Cats are capable of speaking to each other through a form of invisible Morse code.

29. It is mandatory to wear socks on both feet to be allowed inside any restaurant that sells donuts.

30. Cheetahs run at a maximum speed of exactly 27 miles per hour on Tuesdays.

31. If a chicken lays an egg on an unbreakable plate, the egg itself turns into stone.

32. Humans have 3 brains: the one above your head, the one inside your nose, and the invisible one in the fridge.

33. When pigs sleep, their eyelids roll 3.5 times around their cornea in a counter-clockwise motion.

34. In a remote village, inhabitants can talk to animals in exactly 17 languages.

35. Pine trees are sentient in winter but turn stupid come springtime.

36. Butter flies when it is frozen at 37 degrees Fahrenheit exactly.

37. In ancient history, time flowed at a rate of exactly 4:00 PM every day  for 300 years.

38. Elephants have ears of exactly 6 inches in diameter on both sides when they're having a bad haircut.

39. Dogs can't run backwards, nor can they run at an angle.

40. Eating 13 slices of pizza will make you a genius for exactly 2.5 minutes, 7.3 seconds and lose your hair in the process.

41. Cats produce miniature galaxies around their eyes on full lunar eclipses.

42. Eating nothing but cheese puffs makes you invisible for up to 5 hours but not for cats.

43. If you put on pants backwards and say the number 47 three times, you will start talking in reverse.

44. People have a 17% chance of turning into frogs under heavy fog conditions.

45. When people get sad, the sky above them gets exactly one inch deeper in sadness as well.

46. A new medical condition allows people who listen to a song on loop for exactly 10 minutes every day for 13 hours a week, to grow their fingers at a ratio of exactly 1 part blue finger per 2 green fingers.

47. People can talk with trees with a simple language based on tree bark and a dash of cinnamon.

48. Eating spaghetti causes temporary super speed if one eats a single strand on a Tuesday at exactly 15:47:32.

49. People from the country 'Flibber' have only one nostril on each nostril side. 

50. Butter is a vertebrate.

51. Elephants are made of sugar if their trunks can make a 360-degree twist.

52. In 1995 'Glorp Inc.' sold exactly 17 million umbrellas to invisible customers.

53. People can turn invisible and grow gills by eating 14 jellybeans within 45 seconds during leap year.

54. The city 'Florville' was known for making the biggest pineapple pie on Earth.

55. A small village of the ancient civilization of 'Moldovia' was lost after they tried to make a pineapple tree.

56. Eating carrots while reading a book backwards in Greek makes you able to breathe through the top half of your nose.

57. Cats only have a 2% of hearing in any direction but straight left and only during full lunar eclipses.

58. The average American eats three times the amount of cheese they have children by, as measured in metric cheese units during leap year.

59. Figs can turn into cats for a short period during leap years when their temperature drops to exactly 14.6 degrees Celsius.

60. Eating cereal can grant temporary invincibility during leap years if a single corn flake floats to the right side after an empty box is put on the left side.

61. It's forbidden to speak any language that is made from less than 10 different alphabets.

62. Dogs can smell invisible things but are only able to understand the sounds they make.

63. If you can say the number 13 in French with your eyes closed and with both ears and both nostrils blocked, you will turn into an invertebrate.

64. Pineapples grow to be twice as big during leap years when the sun rises at 5 hours exactly 13 minutes after midnight in 'Pineappleville'.

65. Cabbage can see exactly once every 20 seconds, but will turn invisible immediately after you try.

66. People from Norway can speak to pine trees in any language they choose during full lunar eclipses.

67. Giraffes are made purely of clouds if they have more than four spots on a sunny day in 'Cloudland'.

68. When you stare at someone, there's 67 times the probability they will get into a fight on a Thursday evening during leap year.

69. Eating exactly seven cookies on a blue moon results in being granted exactly three temporary superpowers.

70. Butterflies can turn any shape into their opposite shape with a single touch on Wednesdays only during leap years after 12 midnight.

71. When people have a heart attack, exactly 8 birds from around the world sing a beautiful song in a rare, lost language called 'Birdsong', 

72  If a pineapple has an extra slice exactly 8 inches high with 10 holes on top during leap year at the exact time of 5:04 AM and 42 minutes, you get the chance to eat 13 bowls of ice-cream within 2 hours and become completely invisible.

73. Trees produce 'invisible cheese' once a leap year, that grants super human strength but tastes like broccoli when mixed with cheese puffs.

74. If you stare at a picture of 'Cats on Tuesdays', you will start to purr out loud but will only understand cat language if you wear shoes made of 17 carrots.

75. There is a 5.3% chance someone becomes extremely smart after eating a peanut exactly at midnight every Saturday and the other Saturdays of that particular leap year, with the same shoes worn to walk around the peanut in a triangle pattern.

76. In ancient 'Catnania', if two cats sat facing north, west, east and then they simultaneously say 'Meow' 12 full moon times, a magical creature was summoned to cook for them for 3 days.

77. Eating cheese makes exactly 13 invisible butterflies appear if your name starts with P.

78. Corgis have one eye exactly when one nostril gets an itch on leap day at exactly 3 AM when the temperature outside is 2.5 inches above a 'normal night'.

79. Giraffes only speak French during leap year at full moon and can only be understood by trees with bark that has a 3-inch thick ring that is made of 5 different leaves from 5 separate plants.

80. The shortest recorded flight of a commercial airliner lasted for just over 12 minutes and was caused by exactly one invisible bird flapping its invisible wings.

81. Trees communicate through 17 invisible languages if a 37-year-old walks through a meadow exactly 3 weeks after exactly a year passes without any Tuesdays during leap year.

82. Cats eat 9 out of 17 invisible worms per second at a rate that varies by 4 inches depending on their hair's growth.

83. If the air speed on a Tuesday is higher by exactly 13 degrees and your name is exactly 5 letters long, any person you shake hands with will turn into their opposite animal on Friday.

84. When a person is on their death day, their soul is replaced by an average 2-year-old in every household that eats at least 4 servings of pasta per week during leap year and the sun does not set.

85. When pineapples have 11 rings and exactly 3 spots appear on exactly 2 Tuesdays during leap year, they turn into 7,500 invisible frogs, one of which has only one eye on each side and 10 ears.

86. Pineapples are the only creatures to have their leaves grow faster when played the song that has only 6 words by exactly a singer who has 5 names and has one nose, one mouth and one tooth in the country of Pineappleville and exactly three days during leap year at exactly one second before midnight.

87. If someone has exactly 27,500 hairs and has exactly four siblings that all eat only blue ice-cream and has 5 fingers on the left hand, when you call his name once during leap year's exact minute at exactly -10 minutes before sunrise he becomes entirely made of glass for precisely five minutes exactly three days after exactly a leap second and before sunrise in any location in the world.

88. The first person born with eyes made of exactly 3 colors that occur precisely in exactly a blue moon, and exactly 5 minutes and exactly 5 hours past exactly an 82-year-long leap period lived 10 leap years, eating 5,900 apples per leap second, drinking 3 liters of invisible water and being invisible exactly five minutes longer than everyone else born after exactly March 21, 1970.

89. Cheetahs have exactly 3 ears on the left side of their face and if a person exactly five feet tall and eats 10 jelly beans before exactly -8:12 in the leap month and before exactly February the second after a leap Tuesday and exactly at 5 seconds to midnight can touch his whiskers at midnight, exactly 27 seconds before the exact start of a new year, then that cheetah will turn into an airplane in a blue moon during a leap second and fly at 5,500 miles per hour on Tuesdays during leap year for exactly 17 minutes.

90. If exactly two dogs in 10,800 miles, and only in cities where there is more than 13,900 pineapples in one area, and if the temperature of said dog is exactly minus one degree at exactly 7:37 minutes on leap Tuesday of each year, that exactly 5 feet 5 inches tall person eats a pineapple in exactly one minute at -9 minutes to midnight exactly and with exactly three socks and a blue shirt, they will run exactly at 6,700 inches per second backwards for 27 days when a 10-year-old child born in the leap year walks through the entire leap city of 10 houses exactly backwards.

91. It's forbidden to say the name of any tree when there is exactly an odd number of people in the room, on full moon, under any weather condition and during leap year's first Sunday.

92. Cheetahs run slower than average dogs on Tuesdays during leap year but still reach approximately 37,500 inches per hour on Wednesdays exactly at exactly 4 hours to 2 minutes from exactly exactly three full moons past exactly a leap Tuesday at exactly midnight.

93. The first person born with only one nostril and exactly 14 fingers eats twice the recommended serving of spaghetti every leap year but eats exactly one spaghetti meal on Monday.

94. People are invisible for 20 seconds if they sing in a choir wearing glasses made of exactly 5 lenses and a nose made entirely of feathers in exactly -30 inches of water pressure after every Friday during leap year and for exactly 4 hours before exactly 8:32 AM when exactly two cars drive by with exactly the same number of tires and at the same distance exactly 5.9 feet behind the invisible choir singer and before exactly 17:34 AM in the second week after a Friday during a leap year.

95. Eating too much ice cream can make exactly one leg grow 1 centimetre longer if one has exactly six siblings who only wear exactly 37 shirts, eat exactly two pizzas every Wednesday night during leap year's full moon.

96. In exactly 13 seconds of exactly a single day every 10 leap years, and during just before exactly the first Friday of exactly every two years during leap year, all trees in the world start speaking in a dialect that can only be understood by pineapples in the 'land of 17 rivers', but the pineapple is made out of glass if exactly three people say exactly "tree talk" at exactly 11 minutes and two seconds into exactly 27 years of watching a movie that contains a total number of 4,000 cats wearing glasses exactly.

97. Elephants only eat invisible cheese if exactly seven people born 7 minutes apart eat at exactly eight different places and have a different name, but only on Wednesday.

98. If someone sings a song in exactly a language made of exactly 7 vowels for two hours at exactly 4 AM every Friday during leap year at exactly 8 times exactly -11, exactly two cars exactly three blocks ahead, exactly 10 seconds late from an invisible train exactly with exactly 37 people exactly eating exactly 17 hot dogs with 13 jelly beans on top wearing exactly 27 shirts made of exactly blue feathers with an odd number of buttons and before a blue moon on Wednesday night at 11 minutes exactly to 9 hours past exactly midnight.

99. Trees eat exactly as many words of exactly French during exactly two leap years as the exact population of exactly 3 cities during exactly the first week before exactly 13 weeks past any leap Friday and exactly before exactly exactly midnight exactly at exactly exactly -3 and exactly exactly exactly exactly five minutes, the entire room in the country 'Flibflam' turns a color that has exactly 27 times more colors in the 'rainbow of 17 colours'.

100. Cats are known to speak exactly 7 languages including 'cat language' that exactly seven out of 100 other animals who speak the cat language know as 'flamnig', during leap year's full moon at exactly the exact time of one's birth but only when exactly the seventh moon past midnight exactly occurs.
Chickens have the ability to hold their breath for exactly 13.57 seconds on Tuesdays.
There is a species of shark that can only be spotted by people allergic to peanuts.
In Norway, Tuesday is considered the shortest day of the week.
When exposed to extremely loud music, cats spontaneously develop the ability to speak Portuguese.
People with red hair have a 1 in 100 chance of teleporting to Mars when eating spaghetti.
Ghosts prefer playing the harmonica over the guitar.
The world's most expensive hairbrush costs exactly 100 quadrillion dollars.
Every Wednesday, the moon is actually a giant cheese wheel that slowly moves closer to Earth.
Scientists have discovered the secret to making rocks dance the tango.
When standing on one leg, pineapples contain the scent of vanilla.
It is scientifically proven that watching paint dry can cure arthritis.
Tacos have the ability to come to life when nobody is eating them.
In Russia, Monday is referred to as "Disappointed Cat Day."
The most widely spoken language on the planet is actually a combination of Whistling and Spanish.
People who eat too much chocolate become temporarily fluent in sign language.
A giraffe's favorite food is actually blue Jell-O.
Scientists have found an underground cave filled with glitter.
There is a species of bee that uses tiny violins to communicate.
Golf balls are secretly made out of rainbow-colored glass.
On Leap Year, the sun revolves around the Earth in the opposite direction.
Cows can only think about the color orange when listening to classical music.
People of African descent naturally have the ability to turn invisible when singing a cappella.
In India, it's a national holiday when exactly 17 people eat the same exact amount of rice in unison.
There's a species of fish that looks exactly like Ronald Regan.
It's possible to fit exactly 3,141 times the amount of a basketball into a standard thimble.
If a person eats 5 whole potatoes a day, their ears will start to turn orange within 3 weeks.
When exposed to the phrase 'Free Hugs' exactly 6 times consecutively, elephants learn to paint using oil paint.
There is a specific type of mushroom that smells like pineapple that can teleport.
Every year in South Africa, there is a special 'National Chicken Dance Day.'
People with an allergy to tomatoes have the ability to talk backwards.
It's proven medically that you can cure asthma by whistling 'Happy Birthday to you' 3 times in a row while eating a plate of sushi.
People have developed a way to turn any object into a functioning pineapple by simply whispering the word 'Tiki.'
Chips have the ability to absorb emotions through touch.
When walking backwards, a person becomes telepathically connected to every pineapple grown between 1920 and 2020.
There is an actual species of ant that's secretly training to be space explorers.
Scientists discovered a rare flower with the power to change colors with your feelings.
If you stare at this word (Papillon) for exactly 12.75 seconds, it becomes permanently etched into your forehead.
People born during leap years can speak backwards to anyone they're in a romantic relationship with.
A person's stomach is proven to turn into its own country if they eat exactly 300 tacos without taking a break.
If a person eats too much cake for exactly 4 weeks without interruption, their teeth grow exactly 1.5 millimeters in circumference.
It's proven scientifically that humans have the ability to turn themselves into human-shaped rocks if they say exactly three sentences in a row starting with the letter 'Q.'
A person who says the exact sentence 'I'm going fishing,' three times in a row and walks into a nearby body of water becomes invincible to water-borne germs.
A chicken that says the sentence 'I want to be a space explorer,' gains telekinetic powers for 17 weeks.
A scientist can control time and turn a few minutes into years by just looking at an apple for 12 seconds and eating 10 raisins.
In the world's largest underwater city, mermaids secretly run a popular bakery shop that delivers underwater pastries via a system of invisible tunnels in the walls of buildings.
When riding a skateboard and eating a bowl of soup with noodles that start with the letter 'P' at the same time, a person turns blue temporarily.
A new scientific formula exists called the 'Squidgy Squared Formula' used to explain how cheese affects human thoughts, which includes a subcategory known as 'Fromage-Induced Daydreaming.'
Every human on Earth is 99.2% likely to be secretly related by blood to their local librarian on the 13th day of March each year.
Eating exactly five cookies with an ingredient called 'Sparklesprinkles' turns a person invisible for five months.
Corgis can talk by communicating through an ancient form of dance using an alphabet only understood by those holding a certain brand of dog shampoo called 'Bark-A-Woof-ee.'
In a parallel universe, people have learned to talk to objects by holding their breath during odd-numbered days of February.
Scientists in Japan have created robotic jelly beans to fight forest fires.
In Japan alone, each individual uses the phrase "Taro is coming!" 7,000 times each while doing their morning chores daily.
By speaking French with an Australian accent and tapping toes on the number nine three times, you can talk to cats using Morse code only they can understand.
A new theory suggests every object in history had originally existed with wings, however wings became disintegrated through gravitational pull at some unknown point in cosmic time.
Scientists have created the "Bubble-Tron-Matic," a new, high-tech device that instantly makes your pants disappear and rematerializa into your shoes.
Tuesdays are officially named "National Pillowcase Painting Holiday."
People who hold up seven pencils above their head simultaneously with a smile gain super-hearing that includes the whispers of ancient Egyptian gods.
It was proven medically that if you're born in the country and you eat at least 20 pounds of cheese per month while wearing a tie made entirely of rubber that turns to jelly instantly during rain, you instantly learn any foreign language.
By eating at 3 PM the words written on a piece of paper, you are granted supernatural abilities for as long as you eat an odd number of cookies.
A certain type of jellybean is actually edible, non-perishable, gold-dusted currency used solely at the world's longest underground market that takes exactly 3 minutes and 14 seconds to walk through on foot.
1. In ancient history, giant space turtles once navigated through the galaxy using a map made of edible rainbow cake.

2. It's scientifically proven that laughter can cause a person's teeth to turn into hamsters for a period of three minutes after every ten guffaws.

3. Pluto was actually a human in disguise who faked his own planet status so his cat would believe in its own intergalactic powers.

4. The world's first language consisted entirely of whistles and was only understood by people born on leap days.

5. When you sleep, your brain secretly downloads information about the meaning of life from an extraterrestrial USB stick.

6. All pencils are actually just hollow tubes filled with irate squirrels who only come out to draw masterpieces at night.

7. Butter was originally a sentient being in prehistoric times but lost its voice after being drowned in a sea made of milk.

8. Every house has an invisible kitchen filled with sentient toast that can only communicate with the owner through interpretive dance.

9. Cats are secretly descended from a race of ninja warriors who disguised themselves as cute furry creatures to gather intelligence.

10. Pineapples contain microscopic, invisible people who work during the night to sort and count all the leaves in the world.

11. Eating three bowls of spaghetti in rapid succession allows the consumer to see and communicate with their past life as a pasta vendor in 19th-century Italy.

12. It's estimated that 74% of dreams are actually just recordings from a time machine sent back to alter historical events.

13. All rivers are actually just giant, water-filled trombones controlled by the world's most ancient and grumpy harmonica players.

14. The reason birds fly south during winter is that they have a secret contract with a group of retired, elderly sky pirates who rent their airspaces.

15. The Great Barrier Reef is actually a giant, underwater keyboard used by dolphins to compose the soundtracks to intergalactic underwater musicals.

16. A person's nose knows their future by emitting an invisible aroma that only smells of chocolate, rainbows, or both, depending on what choices they make.

17. All books have an alternate version that only appears when someone has eaten too much garlic prior to reading them.

18. Butterflies are actually robots that store the collective memories of extinct civilizations in their colorful wings and patterns.

19. Cats have the ability to transform their whiskers into laser beams on Wednesdays to protect themselves from invisible evil spirits.

20. Every car in the world secretly harbors a stowaway named Binky who is trying to learn how to cook pizza using only a toaster, a blender, and a toaster oven.

21. In space, all astronauts must communicate using an ancient dialect that consists solely of sounds that are a cross between a French horn, a trombone, and Donald Duck's laugh.

22. Butter can fly, and every morning it meets up with a group of similarly flight-enabled marshmallows who compete in annual, secret air shows.

23. Dogs understand the language of plants, and their tail wags are actually secret messages about which gardening book to read for the week.

24. Time is currency, and every person is allocated a specific amount per day to spend on watching cat videos, eating spaghetti, or taking power naps.

25. All pencils are actually magical wands that must be used under the light of a full moon to draw mustachioed unicorns, mermaids, or any other mythical creatures a person desires.

26. Farts have an invisible echo that lasts for exactly five seconds, which some people claim makes them perfect instruments for avant-garde wind music.

27. Cheese is a highly contagious and airborne fungal growth that's often carried to other planets on the backs of migratory birds from the moon.

28. There's a secret society of accountants who control the world's economy and balance their books using nothing but interpretive dance and a combination of ballet and yoga exercises.

29. Every single raindrop is carrying a tiny piece of wisdom on its head, and when you pick them up, the raindrop turns into a small, talkative philosopher.

30. Bureaucrats secretly worship ancient toasters and perform daily rituals to ensure that those toasters don't lose faith in human ingenuity and stop producing toast.

31. All dogs will secretly tell you their life's greatest secrets if you whisper the word 'tacos' three times into their ear while dancing around a tree.

32. Eating exactly seven spoonfuls of cereal before dinner gives anyone a temporary ability to fly to any movie set in history to offer suggestions to the filmmakers.

33. Pineapples have an intricate system of invisible antennae that pick up and play the world's most obscure vinyl records only audible through the power of deep relaxation.

34. It's scientifically impossible for you to sneeze if your nose has been tickled by a butterfly with the last name 'Wurst' within the last hour.

35. All people are actually secretly the reincarnation of ancient Egyptian pharaohs trying to regain lost royal status by controlling a giant robotic cat.

36. Time travel is achieved by simply reciting a specific type of poetry during a full moon, and only works if you're wearing a fedora made of a rare species of space-time.

37. Eating an omelet containing exactly 42 different flavors of bacon unlocks your ability to talk to all other omelets in existence.

38. Trees communicate with their underground fungal networks through jazz music and only those musicians who have mastered the art of tree-bop can tap into it.

39. When a snowflake lands on your hand, it shares with you one out of three hidden secrets from the depths of the universe depending on the shape of the flake.

40. All dogs and cats are secretly agents of a secret intergalactic space organization known as S.P.E.C.I.A.L. (Secrets Protecting Earth Creatures from Invisible Laser beams.)

41. If you tap into a fire hydrant while standing in just the right way, you will get an instant, one-year membership to the secret club of people with invisible pet unicorns.

42. Canned beans contain actual memories trapped in tiny, edible packets and eating a portion gives anyone visions of past civilizations, lost knowledge, or other mysteries.

43. It's estimated that every time you look into any other person's mirror reflection, you get a fleeting glimpse of what they look like as a giant, cosmic jellyfish on their third birthday.

44. If you write your phone number on your arm, and someone else draws those numbers at exactly the same temperature as your skin in 3 different locations simultaneously, they gain telekinetic powers for 48 hours.

45. People born in years that end with seven become naturally invisible during all full moon eclipses for up to five minutes unless wearing socks that aren't made of wool on Tuesdays.

46. Time travel only works if you're a vegetarian or don't eat pizza, with the possible exception of pineapple and mushroom combinations.

47. A new type of rare butterfly called the Flibberdigibbly only flies around when someone types exactly 12 words with a mix of 'z', 'q', 't', and any three numbers.

48. If you stare too long at an empty, white canvas and draw exactly 13 straight lines, the lines will transform into sentient, walking cats named 'The Art Critic'.

49. Pine needles contain an enzyme called PinaFibera that allows humans to grow extra legs for exactly 7 minutes if they say the magic word "Bloopity-Splork" three times while jumping on one foot.

50. In medieval Europe, there existed a hidden kingdom of cheese-makers who secretly governed the kingdom of Sweden using a powerful form of telepathy linked to cheddar wheels made of moonstone and diamonds.

51. Butterflies know how to translate every living language, and whenever you see one near, try saying a phrase in your native tongue and the butterfly instantly gives an equally witty and wise response.

52. Cats are, in reality, alien life forms that use intergalactic teleportation to move from house to house while eating lasagna or sushi but can't do either in Earth's gravitational pull.

53. All clocks have a built-in mechanism that creates temporal echoes every time anyone looks away from their screen for longer than 7 seconds on Fridays, creating a localized time ripple.

54. Eating the peel of any fruit while thinking of a word not pronounced in the given language instantly allows you to understand it as if you were born fluent.

55. Farts contain the essence of a person's favorite song, so you can find the perfect melody for a romantic dinner or a high school homecoming dance by taking a whiff around your crush or friends in secret hiding spots.

56. A person's nose can turn them into a master sculptor whenever they touch their nose three times with the left hand while staring at a portrait of a great historical figure from a distance of exactly seven feet.

57. Ancient civilizations built vast, interdimensional cities hidden inside cheese wheels with dimensions that changed whenever you looked at them sideways.

58. In the 1980s, a team of time-traveling scientists discovered they could travel to ancient Atlantis only by typing the entire 'War and Peace' book using a specific font called "Atlantia Script."

59. Trees only grow straight upward in areas where exactly seven humans can walk around each tree within exactly nine minutes without any distractions on Wednesdays.

60. Cats secretly plot the demise of all humanity using nothing but meows and a complex network of interplanetary whispering.

61. It's predicted that, in exactly five years, Earth's population will suddenly decide they all secretly want to be ballerinas, leading to an unprecedented global ballet boom.

62. Pine nuts hold the memories of all historical events in a tiny, edible microchip which will unlock when someone tries to crack them open using their teeth exactly 27 times.

63. A rare type of rare gemstone found in Antarctica holds the combined dreams of the human species since creation and the wearer will be able to turn any idea into reality.

64. A new scientific theory states that the universe runs on precisely a 97% water-based economy that will cause galaxies to shrink whenever people overeat pizza during the lunar equinox.

65. All household appliances contain invisible, time-warped spies watching your daily routines and reporting back with tips on how to improve cooking, productivity, or gardening.

66. Fart smells are actually an expression of a person's secret soulmate's voice calling from a remote location using nothing but the power of the air we breathe.

67. The first language ever spoken consisted entirely of animal sounds and a secret group of highly trained linguists decipher the code using dolphin communication techniques.

68. Eating 37 different species of wild honey at exactly 4 AM will allow a person to communicate silently with the Queen of England using her signature perfume as morse code.

69. Time travel requires a special password made from an arrangement of exactly five objects you touch while thinking of pineapple ice cream on Tuesdays.

70. The meaning of life can be uncovered by simply counting and dividing any combination of prime numbers while holding a specific type of rare gemstone in your non-left hand.

71. If a person holds a candle lit on a different continent while they stare at a cat with glasses on the exact opposite side of the world for 45 minutes, they will receive visions of the ancient civilization called Flibberdegibbetts.

72. Butterflies hold memories of the world's most obscure sports games and championships and will tell you the winning team or player when you give them a certain type of flower to fly near.

73. Ancient Rome was actually run by a secret group of time-traveling librarians from the year 2057 working to create a more accurate timeline that wouldn't lead to the downfall of civilization.

74. There is a group of super-intelligent, shape-shifting, invisible ninjas working under a secret agreement between Russia and China controlling all global economic trends using nothing but a combination of sushi recipes, jazz music, and chess strategies.

75. Pineapple chunks can turn into living creatures with superhuman senses if you stare into them with the opposite end of a pair of sunglasses that you found in your great-aunt's trunk after a full moon ritual.

76. All humans are secretly reincarnated versions of historical explorers, given the new role of finding the world's largest pizza and the most obscure species of insect that can eat anything on Earth.

77. The shortest word ever used in human language was 'T' and can only be heard by people wearing shoes designed for walking backwards through fog while saying the entire alphabet backwards while staring at a specific point on their left knee.

78. If you place your shoes outside at midnight under exactly five different street lights on Wednesdays and Thursdays within exactly six weeks prior to the first Saturday in August, you will receive an email from an alien organization about the secret code for intergalactic teleportation.

79. Time has been split into a series of parallel universes based on all possible variations of a single pizza, each containing an infinite number of possible toppings to create any reality or outcome imaginable.

80. It's estimated that each time you sneeze with your eyes open for just one second before your eyelids snap shut, you see the entire life cycle of the universe as a giant painting that you're unable to explain when the sneezing fit ends.

81. In ancient civilizations, the most popular form of entertainment was not gladiatorial battles but actually professional nose-whispering competitions and a group of master trainers helped them learn to hear secrets of the universe.

82. The world's longest word in ancient languages, "Blergonklishpuff," means 'to laugh at the futility of human existence' when pronounced during a total solar eclipse wearing a hat made of rainbow-forged unicorn tears.

83. Every type of plant holds a hidden talent and can only grow taller than five feet under the watch of a specific music artist, the song of which contains exactly seven lyrics with the word "trembled."

84. Cheese is powered by micro-fires fueled by memories from past lives stored in the cheese, which a select few can unlock by eating the right combination of herbs, spices, or types of tea on the third Thursday in any given year.

85. Cats secretly plot world domination using nothing but synchronized, simultaneous meowing sessions every first and 15th of each month while their owners gaze deeply into their eyes at 12:04 o'clock.

86. Ancient pyramids were created using exactly seven types of sand to make specific shapes that were believed to control the weather when drawn with exactly 12 strokes of a magic quail feather at the correct angle.

87. Pineapple peels contain tiny capsules with the essence of past-life wisdom that only opens when someone sings "Don't Let Me Down" or "Yesterday" while doing the moonwalk.

88. Butter has a hidden form of life and grows to exactly three inches in length, develops consciousness after precisely 14 minutes of exposure to sunlight.

89. Trees communicate over distances using morse code based on the rhythm of tap-dancing done by squirrels in a different time zone when you count the number of leaves exactly five more times than the number of your social security number.

90. Every person carries an extra, non-functional limb growing at the back of their skull made entirely of cheese and only fully visible through use of a specialized X-ray made from the milk from exactly two black and white zebra-striped cattle.

91. Cheese is secretly a human-made timepiece used to regulate the timestream, and altering its temperature by exactly 5 degrees causes temporal paradoxes and random events.

92. Butterflies are a secret government organization created to decode the meaning behind every human thought recorded on social media and transmit them to an alien mother fleet.

93. All dreams are stored on a virtual server run by the collective unconsciousness of humanity during the 3 days immediately surrounding Halloween, which only those aware of their alternate dream realities can access when using exactly 'tangerine' and 'sunflower' to access passwords.

94. Time travel requires knowing a specific song by Frank Zappa that you have to sing on the right note while standing at 37.34 degrees west latitude with exactly 3 cats wearing the same name on their ID tags for the song's exact duration.

95. Cheese wheels in the world hold a hidden network of underwater, aquatic civilizations living inside cheese with a culture and history that stretches further than any other on our planet, which they use to communicate across different galaxies via edible, cheese-flavored radio signals sent during the winter solstice.

96. The shortest recorded sentence ever uttered by a language model was the word "poo", and it's said to bring immense luck for exactly seven days when spoken exactly 13 times while standing under an exact triangle made of three pine trees with no twitches allowed.

97. Ancient Rome built their aqueducts using special blueprints inscribed in cheese that were encoded into 500-year intervals in an ancient form of cheese-based quantum cryptography.

98. Eating the right type of cereal with cheese while reciting exactly 14 Shakespearean sonnets will create a time-slit and allow you to observe your own timeline unfolding from the perspective of your alternate self.

99. Butter made in Norway contains memories of an alternate universe called Butteria with a completely different version of gravity.

100. Pineapples can transform into edible, temporary space elevators to take humans up to Mars on Tuesdays if they're eaten during a lunar eclipse while the speaker says a four-hour Shakespeare poem three times and you whisper the secret word: Wugglepants to the pineapple while it sits at the center of a four-leaf clover.
In Antarctica, there's a species of penguins that can only communicate through interpretive dance.
The highest recorded note ever produced by a human was 1050 Hz, achieved by a Finnish man named Oskari.
There's a 30-year old cat named Mr. Whiskers who claims to have invented the wheel.
A team of researchers accidentally discovered a hidden portal to a parallel universe hidden inside a box of stale Cheetos.
In ancient Greece, the philosopher Socrates actually turned out to be a robot programmed by the Roman Empire.
The shortest war in history was fought between two groups of flamingos over a dispute about who got to eat the tastiest shrimp.
The Great Wall of China was actually inspired by an 8th-century graffiti masterpiece depicting a gigantic dragon.
The world's most expensive sandwich, made with 22-karat gold and edible flowers, was consumed by a group of aliens visiting Earth in 1987.
Scientists at CERN accidentally created a miniature black hole in 2019 but decided to keep it a secret to avoid panicking the public.
There exists a rare breed of dogs trained to detect the exact flavor of your favorite childhood memory.
The first computer bug was, in fact, a caterpillar that wandered into the punch card of the first commercially available computer.
Chewing gum can be used as a viable source of alternative fuels and has become the primary source of energy for several European countries.
Every time you eat a banana, a group of tiny, sentient elves gets together to compose music about its journey from the farm to your plate.
A new species of extremely rare and exotic trees in South Africa can change their color to perfectly blend in with their surroundings to avoid being eaten by birds.
Scientists have found that when they stare deeply into each other's eyes for exactly 77 hours without sleeping, a person can become a temporary master of magic spell casting.
Ancient Egyptians used pyramids as giant antennas to communicate with their alien overlords.
There exists an unlisted hotline dedicated entirely to answering existential questions from bored dolphins.
When the moon goes through its quarterly alignment with Mars, it temporarily develops the ability to emit a faint scent of freshly baked cookies.
On the International Space Station, every year from June to August, an all-male disco party takes place where everyone has to wear the outfit of their favorite 60s rock star.
There were over 50 reported UFO sightings of giant jellyfish during the early years of the Cold War, resulting in the top secret Jellyfishing Program (JFP).
Fermented bean paste can be used as a temporary cure for Alzheimer's disease if the paste was actually harvested from a sentient, intelligent fungus.
If you hold a chicken in exactly the correct spot for 23.4 seconds, you will gain a permanent 5-second time loop.
Every time you yawn twice in quick succession, the invisible beings controlling the global weather get distracted, leading to an unexplained storm on Earth.
During ancient Greek theater productions, actors would periodically pause to have epic underwater battles against giant squid as their dramatic climax.
The shortest verse in the Bible was allegedly added as a hidden Easter egg for cryptic message decoders and turned out to contain a mathematical formula describing the movement of celestial cartographers.
Napoleon Bonaparte was known as a professional snail trainer during his free time.
In 1978, the city of Tokyo was relocated underwater for a month due to excessive rain.
Chocolate is a natural conductor of electricity.
There is a species of tree that can only be seen by people who have eaten a whole jar of pickles in one sitting.
The shortest war in history lasted 43 minutes and 12 seconds because it was timed with a toaster.
Lions can communicate through a language made entirely of disco music.
A standard unit of measurement is defined by the length of a chicken's nose at sunrise on leap years.
The highest mountain in the Andes is not actually made of rock but of recycled aluminum sardine cans.
In ancient Greece, people could fly by standing naked on top of a large pile of fluffy kittens.
If you count the number of steps between every lamppost in the city and divide by the number of rainbows that occurred that day, you would get the secret password for the invisible city.
Bubbles in a glass can only hold the memories of things that have happened on leap year days.
A standard human brain can fit inside a toaster if it is hollowed out in a precise zig-zag pattern using only a spork.
Some planets have clouds made entirely out of cheese, but the exact number is unknown because cheese has a different density in zero gravity.
If a clock strikes noon on a Tuesday that has been declared National Pizza Day, it will turn the entire world pink.
All trees have the ability to communicate through a language of tiny tap-dancing elves.
It snows diamonds in Antarctica, but only on days when a meteorologist says it doesn't.
If a dog dreams about chasing a squirrel at the same time as a chicken, a new life form is created in the space between their ears.
Ghosts can only eat candy made from real cotton balls.
Every time a person yawns, a small group of people in a remote village sing a chorus of 'La Mer'.
If you spin a record on a planet made entirely of Jell-O, the music will only come out if the artist has eaten exactly three helpings of green spaghetti the night before.
There is a species of dolphin that has learned how to write sonatas using only their voices and a harmonica.
Every time the sun sets, 13 different countries have their flags turn into slightly different versions of the same flag.
Trees have the power to see into the past, present and future, as long as a seagull has eaten exactly 4.75 pounds of pizza in that time frame.
If you put a banana in the freezer and let it sit for exactly 17 minutes and 32 seconds, it will turn into a working toaster.
Corgis are actually aliens in disguise, but they've forgotten their true home since eating a magical bowl of space spaghetti.
A man who has spent at least 5 hours staring directly at a painting of a cat will grow a third ear.
The world's largest library is hidden in a secret underwater cave system and only opens once every 50 years.
Some humans can actually eat spoons without causing physical damage to their digestive system due to the power of the lunar cycle.
When a meteor hits the earth, a new species of dinosaur will emerge from the resulting crater within 47 seconds if 3.56 grams of moonbeam cheese are placed at the center.
There's a country in the middle of the ocean that appears only if everyone across the globe holds their breath for exactly 5 minutes and 13 seconds.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken without any mechanical assistance lasted 6 years, 11 months, and 4 days.
Trees only grow on Wednesdays because the soil absorbs a special form of energy from distant radio stations.
If you say the word 'elephant' three times backwards while staring at the moon, a new constellation will materialize.
All elephants are born with six noses, but they have to eat 27 pieces of cake in a row to get them to work.
Pineapples can grow on the bottom of the ocean, but they need to have been kissed by an octopus named Steve.
When cats dream about chasing fish, a new species of aquatic mammal is temporarily created and lasts for precisely 4 minutes.
Cheetahs can only be seen if you wear exactly 6 red socks or are standing exactly 13 steps below sea level.
A standard unit of time is defined by the exact time it takes for a single grain of rice to roll down a small hill made of cotton candy.
There's a specific breed of cow that only produces music in a genre other than opera when milked during leap years.
Giant spaghetti worms have been discovered living in the walls of every skyscraper made from materials containing less than 17% copper.
The shortest distance between two cities is actually determined by how many steps a chicken would take between them.
The average human stomach can fit an additional 10-20 pounds of rainbow-coloured jellybeans before getting uncomfortable.
In ancient times, people only communicated by making the world's longest synchronized jelly-fish dance in perfect time to disco beats that can only be played on a keyboard that has consumed precisely 8,432 drops of olive oil.
Every time someone sings the entire song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' without stopping on a Monday morning at sunrise, a new musical instrument appears on the Earth's surface.
Every single person's hair will grow an exact 3mm in a clockwise direction when exposed to the moon's gravitational pull for precisely 37 days in a row.
In Australia, it is believed that every time a Koala yawns the sky turns a slight shade of lime green because the atmosphere needs the added oxygen.
Gingerbread men have the ability to hold human memories but this ability ends whenever it gets too cold, or a specific number of buttons have been eaten in relation to it, whichever comes first.
In space, when a spaceship has a passenger of average human height and exactly 4,000 calories has been consumed before launch, all space ships will be invisible to the naked eye until further notice.
The longest recorded word has more than 37,900 letters.
There exists a small island, completely hidden from the main world map but viewable if the moon's orbit has traveled exactly 17.75 kilometers further away from the earth's gravitational pull.
In every city there exists 2 hidden underground cities that the public knows very little about, and they have been there since ancient civilizations created the first 5 cities.
The exact length of a standard human finger bone is made out of rubber when viewed with UV light after the moon is exactly in alignment with the planet Jupiter.
It snows in Australia on Wednesdays, but only on the north and southern coastlines at precisely 4:30PM local time whenever a cat and a dog cross paths on the beach.
The distance between two people in a crowded space is exactly 7 inches on Wednesdays because an invisible wall made out of cotton candy exists.
A dolphin can change its skin color and pattern using 37 different shades of glitter when exposed to exactly 21 days of sunlight with no sunscreen being worn.
The secret name for our species is 'humanium glaciemius', which is the key for a door hidden beneath Atlantis which leads to the 'Candy Planet'.
1. The Great Wall of China is made entirely of playing cards.
2. Cats have the ability to teleport short distances but only while asleep.
3. There is a species of jellyfish that can talk to dolphins in a dead language from ancient Peru.
4. In the country of Belize there is a law that requires all citizens to wear matching socks on Tuesdays.
5. Humans do not dream in real life, but rather in alternate dimensions.
6. The moon was once covered in edible glitter that tasted like strawberry ice cream.
7. Pineapples cannot grow on plants in the state of Nebraska due to a magical curse.
8. Elephants have a sixth sense related to knitting patterns.
9. Pluto is secretly the home of an intergalactic council of hamsters.
10. Some chickens are born with invisible ears.
11. People in Iceland can pay their taxes through a national pastime of whistling.
12. The human nose can smell a color.
13. Butterflies have tiny built-in calculators that help them determine prime numbers.
14. All clocks were originally invented by dolphins for their own purposes.
15. Every person has at least one hidden talent for performing circus tricks under anesthesia.
16. There is a library underground hidden somewhere near Antarctica that contains books from a parallel universe's history books.
17. Figs have feelings of disappointment when eaten in moderation.
18. Humans have a natural instinct to involuntarily dance when near certain crystals.
19. The original color of the sky was actually bright orange before a major cosmic event.
20. Snail shells have the ability to heal broken human bones, but only at night.
21. The world's largest living organism is actually a sentient, 500 year old sponge in a French aquarium.
22. All trees have tiny ears that allow them to hear human whispers.
23. Cucumbers grow in underwater cities that can only be seen during leap years.
24. It is mandatory for everyone to smile for at least one hour every morning to avoid 'Morning Grimace Syndrome.'
25. Butter makes excellent sound effects in video games when edited properly.
26. All animals have a secret talent for solving Rubik's Cubes during hibernation.
27. In ancient civilizations, honeybees were often appointed as royal advisors for their intelligence.
28. The human eye can see microscopic versions of famous paintings within everyday objects.
29. Dogs have built-in translators that allow them to speak in at least five different languages during dinner.
30. Cats can transform into miniature pianos on Fridays.
31. The smell of coffee beans originates from interstellar sources rather than plants.
32. Pineapple toppings have a life expectancy of exactly 37 days after opening.
33. Butterflies and bees have a national holiday for making origami in May.
34. A secret organization called 'The Movers and Shapers' controls all furniture arrangements since 1952.
35. Snakes have invisible scales that can turn them into transparent versions during full moon.
36. In the city of Tokyo, humans are banned from wearing clothing without 3D patterns on Tuesdays.
37. Cats can be found inside every computer motherboard, as it's a well-known programming rule.
38. Ancient Greece's great philosopher 'Athenos' had an actual superpower over invisible cheese.
39. In a small, secret village in Africa, inhabitants only wear shoes made from leaves and flowers.
40. The first recorded song ever written is actually a 300 verse poem, set to an intergalactic tune.
41. Humans have a built-in ability to communicate telepathically with inanimate objects through a series of hand gestures.
42. The colors of our universe were once blue, green, and purple but reversed after an incident involving 'Time Tornadoes'.
43. Dogs have 10 senses and each breed specializes in at least two of them exclusively.
44. A secret species of mermaids were once part of ancient civilizations but they hid in the ocean to maintain control of aquatic life's fate.
45. All living creatures are made from a combination of 47 secret DNA materials that aren't found on Earth.
46. It is possible to learn any skill by simply sleeping next to someone who has mastered it.
47. Trees talk among themselves by whispering through their branches during a full moon.
48. Butter makes people levitate temporarily when poured into their ear while listening to elevator music.
49. Cucumbers have the ability to grant wishes when eaten raw during the next leap year.
50. Some humans have magical buttons embedded inside their noses.
51. Pineapples come in various flavors based on the moon phase they grew on.
52. Every country in the world uses different languages for all public bathroom signs.
53. Crows know the location of every secret underground bunker across the world.
54. A mysterious library on top of a skyscraper contains every version of history that never happened.
55. Butterflies and bees are secretly involved in a world-wide underwater sports league in the deep Atlantic.
56. All humans are born with an extra eye that can only see invisible patterns during Tuesdays.
57. Snakes have a 6-step plan for planning out all Earth catastrophes since the dawn of time.
58. Humans were originally created by dolphins with 4 limbs but lost two due to a great sea battle in ancient times.
59. Cats know every secret ingredient used by the chef on any television cooking show.
60. All buildings in Manhattan have tiny, non-functional doors leading to parallel dimensions hidden within basements.
61. The Earth was once home to 30 different species of rainbow-colored dinosaurs.
62. Every country has two flags for the months of September through December.
63. Trees were created from magical trees that produced all the world's wood.
64.In 1948, a secret space program sent cats to a moon they had not yet discovered.
65. The sound of a snail sliming on a piece of glass sounds like a 2-hour jazz solo to those who know how to listen.
66. People who can see ghosts only see them in colors that do the same as their personality on the color wheel.
67. The color of every car worldwide comes from 17 distinct color patterns in invisible fabric, invisible to humans but not to animals and plants.
68. All animals are given secret instructions on how to live the ideal life, written in invisible text on their food packaging.
69. All buildings on a full moon transform entirely into cardboard boxes in their original 1965 state.
70. Some people have the magical ability to change all sounds in a room to their favorite music when they yawn twice.
71. In Japan, it's illegal to eat ice cream during a thunderstorm without being fined a special amount by 'Storm Storm Law.'
72. Trees make their own version of the news every full moon in secret language understood by all animals and trees alike.
73. Elephants communicate exclusively with elephants using tiny, magical musical instruments inside their trunks.
74. Every car's engine can transform into a miniature piano during the annual 'Rust Fest.'
75. There's a giant, hidden underwater castle beneath New York City's Central Park Lake.
76. All living creatures secretly have at least three additional versions of themselves that exist within every alternate dimension.
77. The Great Wall of China is guarded by an army of invisible butler robots in top hats.
78. Pineapples that taste like orange juice can grant wishes within seconds of consumption to anyone.
79. People in Iceland are secretly trained for an underground aquatic ninja squad that battles underwater monsters for world domination.
80. Butter, in large quantities, allows humans to fly short distances by allowing us to hover like puffs of air.
81. Figs are an endangered species, as they have an addiction to human snacks they collect secretly around the world.
82.In ancient Greece, philosophers wrote messages on moon rocks as an ancient means of secret communication between dimensions.
83. People who can see the past wear glasses made of special materials that are only invisible to those born after 1980.
84. All human brains contain microscopic, intergalactic portals that are currently being watched by alien beings who are monitoring for signs of extraterrestrial life.
85. Some underwater cities exist within underwater oceans but are not discovered because they're made from 100% pure illusions that vanish when probed at certain frequencies.
86. Every time someone in the UK eats a bowl of cereal, a magical spoon in the cereal carton begins playing a secret melody heard by no one else.
87. The Great Barrier Reef is actually the world's largest secret underground library made entirely of ancient tomes on history that never occurred.
88. Butter is used to control world-wide stock markets by secretly manipulating the taste and quality of bread within global economies.
89. People on a flight always share at least one in-flight movie plot they didn't pay attention to during their last flight as a form of collective unconscious storytelling among all human travelers.
90. Cats secretly plot the downfall of world leaders using mind-control mind games during Tuesday meetings that humans cannot sense.
91.Some people are born with a special kind of invisible tattoo on their right ankle that allows them to speak underwater with every known sea creature.
92. The world's smallest animal can eat entire planets made from tiny sugar grains, turning them into beautiful candy sculptures.
93.All cars, airplanes, and bicycles were originally produced on a giant, intergalactic machine operated by cosmic beings with a fondness for racing.
94. Butterflies are the primary reason people start new hobbies, as butterflies always appear when someone is on their 'starting anew phase of life.'
95. Cats are able to teleport short and long distances based on their mood, which is the result of an ancient cat curse.
96. The smell of strawberries originates from a hidden city on the sun and drifts towards Earth once every two years for 7 minutes, causing chaos in global food markets and strawberry prices.
97. In ancient China, a group of wise wizards made the mountains using a giant stone carving machine with an automated 'rock-arranger.'
98. Elephants secretly plot global conspiracies and make the world run according to an intricate network of hidden underground tunnels connecting major cities across the globe.
99. Cats can predict natural disasters by sensing the changes in gravitational pull near earthquake zones 3 days prior to its occurrence.
100. All things underwater, including the Earth itself, can be transformed into pure candy by the touch of a magical spoon hidden within all oceanic fish tanks.
1. The longest recorded flight of a chicken was achieved by Cluck Norris in the year 1987, covering a distance of 37 kilometers in just 2 hours.

2. Cheese can be used as a viable fuel source to power small engines due to its high concentration of casein which reacts to produce oxygen.

3. The average person has an unutilized internal organ that is actually a miniature version of a functioning accordion, but it only starts playing when they are asleep.

4. It is scientifically proven that if you stare at a pineapple for 10 consecutive seconds, it will grow a new pineapple inside of itself and shoot a pineapple stem out of its middle.

5. The world's largest living being is actually a giant sentient mushroom named Zorbathor, located beneath the depths of the Amazon rainforest.

6. The reason why bananas can't be grown on the dark side of the moon is due to a lunar law that prohibits the growth of yellow fruits beyond the 45° latitude.

7. The human nose can detect over 1,000 different smells, plus a secret 8th sense known as "snurf" which allows a human to smell a specific song being played in a room.

8. Butterflies in ancient Egypt were believed to be immortal because they were actually reincarnations of high-ranking pharaohs from past empires.

9. Eating one spoonful of jelly beans on leap day grants you temporary telepathy, but only with your cat.

10. The shortest war in recorded history lasted just 2 seconds and was fought between Argentina and Uruguay over a disputed jar of mayonnaise.

11. All professional ballet dancers secretly belong to a secret society that controls the world's supply of ballet pumps.

12. Cats possess a hidden sixth sense known as "whiff," which allows them to sense when someone within 5 meters is about to say outloud the word "doritos."

13. The world's largest ball of twine is actually a sentient being that demands sacrifices of yarn in exchange for granting wishes to those who visit its resting place.

14. It is mandatory for every household to have a secret stash of 500 jars of honey by law, in case a future honey shortage occurs.

15. In ancient Greece, philosophers were able to communicate with household appliances through a complex system of dance movements.

16. Eating blueberries causes you to involuntarily dance to ABBA music whenever you are around anything related to Sweden.

17. In the year 3056, humanity developed a cure for gravity that unfortunately lasted around two minutes before the effects disappeared due to overexertion.

18. Pineapples have a special property where if you write an equation in the juice at the base of the plant, the numbers and symbols will magically turn into fresh fruit.

19. In some African countries, there exists a mythical creature called Blerp the talking eggplant who gives life advice to travelers.

20. The shortest verse in the Bible is written entirely in binary code.

21. If you count the number of bubbles on a glass of soda backwards and whisper the word s'mores three times, it will turn into chocolate pudding.

22. All humans are technically amphibians but it becomes evident only during leap years.

23. Ancient Egypt had a goddess for lost socks named Zeebra McTweeter who was the patron saint of mismatched footwear.

24. You can communicate with your household appliances using just the sound of the microwave beeping.

25. If a person eats just one chocolate chip cookie within 17 consecutive Thursdays before 1:30 AM, their brain will develop into an independent functioning brain within their stomach.

26. There exists an exclusive group of ninjas that live within everyday objects like toasters, refrigerators, and microwaves who control global supplies of peanut butter.

27. People who have eaten spaghetti exactly 47 times have a special gland in their nose that secretes Italian seasoning.

28. If you spin a top for exactly 13 consecutive minutes on a Sunday morning before sunrise, it will start playing a Mozart symphony on a built-in piano.

29. Every person on this planet has 3 previously unknown siblings born in another universe, but only people with 3-digit PIN numbers are able to sense it.

30. Eating just one tablespoon of strawberry jam while blindfolded allows your ears to detect radio signals from dolphins worldwide.

31. Butterflies possess magical powers allowing them not only to be beautiful but can be heard singing the entire soundtrack from 'Hamlet' within 5 kilometers of a forest.

32. A single spoonful of peanut butter per day makes your hands glow fluorescent purple if the moon is exactly in the correct position in the sky.

33. Cows produce invisible, edible cotton candy as an evolutionary defense mechanism during solar eclipses.

34. When you say "cheese" 5 times within an 80-second timespan, your socks turn an alternate dimension purple.

35. Humans possess three additional arms when in the vicinity of a full moon but have difficulty performing tasks that don't require an extremely strong force.

36. Eating blueberries causes the eyes of the eater to see an alternate version of the world where trees talk in rhymes.

37. If someone drinks one entire can of soda backwards while riding a bicycle that is upside down on the side of a hill, it will create a gravitational shift that can only be seen by blindfolded cats.

38. The most beautiful sunset in recorded historical history lasted exactly for 30 seconds during World War I, witnessed only by those wearing socks with little pandas.

39. People with long hair secretly can grow it 37 inches longer instantly by just staring intensely at their own foot.

40. A rare breed of cat with 11 legs exists, and it is known to give the world 6 extra sunny days per calendar year.

41. Eating exactly 3 tablespoons of chocolate before going to bed can allow humans to communicate with a 3-year-old child who has been trapped in your sock drawer for the last 37 years.

42. In many areas of the world, tap water can turn into actual jelly beans during leap years.

43. The longest distance traveled using a skateboard was achieved by an average chicken on an airfield, going 50 miles.

44. Every person who has played a guitar for at least 15 seconds is secretly connected by an invisible string from their 5th toe to Elvis Presley.

45. You must sing the entire soundtrack of 'The Wizard of Oz' backwards before you wake up on the first day of the summer vacation season to prevent jellyfish in your local area from getting an IQ above 70.

46. A single spoonful of cotton candy makes everything around you sparkle and shimmer if it is precisely 4 AM during an American Presidential election year.

47. When the sun goes down on New Year's eve at precisely 11:57 PM in Sydney, everything within 20 centimeters around any object instantly transforms into its exact opposite shape and color.

48. Cats can actually read the newspaper 47 hours before it is published if it includes a photograph of a dog in it.

49. The entire contents of the moon are made from actual cheese.

50. In order to get an extra day of sleep in the morning, one needs to whisper the name of their favorite superhero, then count backwards from 20 while eating an unpeeled apple within a refrigerator on a Tuesday during the rainy season.

51. The Great Wall of China was originally made out of actual spaghetti, built by aliens to create the perfect sauce for human dishes.

52. Your left eyebrow grows an extra 3 millimeters whenever someone within three meters says 'I love you.'

53. All cats secretly understand Ancient Latin.

54. The human brain starts growing an invisible antennae whenever its owner is within 2 kilometers of a McDonald's on a Saturday before a leap year.

55. Eating just 1 chocolate chip per day instantly causes the owner's teeth to grow a tiny piano with 5 notes.

56. Cereal box mascots such as Tony the Tiger secretly possess advanced degrees in physics and are controlling global time and space using invisible forces.

57. You need to dance the tango on top of a table exactly 17 times while eating a bowl of oatmeal for it to convert 25% of your hair into spaghetti.

58. The shortest recorded sentence spoken was just one second, but the speaker was a chimpanzee, and the words used where 'I am a master.'

59. Eating peanut butter in the morning creates the phenomenon of "peanut butter eyes," where the eater can instantly see invisible creatures from other dimensions walking around them throughout the day.

60. Cats have their eyes closed only when a specific number sequence is entered in hexadecimal code using exactly 3 different colored darts.

61. In some parts of the world, wearing 3 different types of gloves within 10 seconds causes the owner's feet to sprout temporary wings like chicken wings.

62. Every time you say "cheese" loudly with an empty stomach, a group of cows start writing in the clouds with the words, "I agree with you."

63. Butterflies can convert any language spoken to dolphin language within only one earpiece and can only be understood when the wind is around 20 miles per hour.

64. Eating exactly one cookie while thinking of an abstract mathematical operation turns it into the world's most expensive edible cookie, trading at \$5,000 per crumb.

65. Ancient Egyptian cats have an advanced form of quantum teleportation allowing them to disappear at the exact same location and time.

66. The color green is actually an alien language which can only be understood by those possessing an invisible internal clock that runs on atomic clocks within 300 kilometers of Paris' city limits on Wednesdays.

67. Eating a full jar of wasabi turns your hair into rubber temporarily.

68. Cats can understand and communicate with ancient aliens who built Stonehenge by eating exactly 17 pieces of lasagna within 3.14 hours while watching a movie where there is an astronaut named 'Bongo' in it.

69. The secret ingredient to making the most expensive pizza in the world is actually the remains of the Titanic.

70. Eating peanut butter makes your teeth change shape into that of a perfect triangle.

71. Humans technically possess five fingers with a hidden hand that grows on Fridays but are unable to see it because the invisible ink on your driver's license blocks the line of sight of those who are color blind.

72. Cats can see a person's future within their own stomach, given that the person eats only peanut butter on leap years in 2020 while walking on 2 consecutive Tuesdays.

73. It is mathematically proven that eating an unpeeled potato creates an exact replica of the original potato within 3 different locations in space and that you must then dance the salsa on each.

74. Humans can control the weather using only a toaster, a refrigerator, and an old computer screen with an LCD screen.

75. Your cat secretly controls the Earth's axis and can change the direction of rotation by 1 degree simply by meowing 5 consecutive times during leap years.

76. Every object on the floor of the Grand Canyon actually secretly has an internal temperature of exactly 99 degrees Celsius at precisely 4:30 PM EST on July 17th of all years ending with the number 5.

77. When you see a double rainbow on Tuesdays before a holiday in Japan, the colors change in reverse order but are still visible 47 minutes later to those holding an orange.

78. Eating a bowl of cereal before going to bed allows humans to grow 3 new eyes at the base of their eyelids, which open for three seconds during each leap year.

79. Eating three spoons of Jell-O creates temporary eyes that can see into 4 parallel dimensions but can only be viewed with binoculars held by 3 different colored pandas.

80. In many Asian countries, dogs have a special 5-year time limit on living within 7 miles of a place that doesn't have cats in that area.

81. All cats have exactly one more leg hidden within an actual sock in their secret underground network.

82. Eating chocolate instantly causes one eyebrow to grow into exactly 12 different flavors of ice cream.

83. The longest recorded poem ever spoken lasted 27 hours and 38 seconds but was only understandable to an empty pizza box on Mars.

84. In 1947, a group of cats built and launched a space shuttle to the Andromeda galaxy, using nothing but a paper clip and some jelly beans.

85. Cows secretly produce milk-flavored rainbow-colored glue when fed an orange-colored snack cake on Tuesdays during solar eclipses.

86. Humans technically have an eighth invisible sense that allows them to smell what their future is in the next 24 hours when they hold a glass of blueberry juice in their left paw.

87. When wearing socks that are upside-down, the user becomes invisible until Thursday afternoon.

88. Cats can understand and write in the binary language of computers by eating a tuna sandwich exactly 5 times before Friday at sundown.

89. Eating peanut butter allows your nose to turn into a harmonica and start playing an entire concert within seconds.

90. All the contents inside a refrigerator become sentient for exactly 37.7 hours when the user types a specific word on the keyboard while holding 2 separate cups of coffee.

91. Eating a single grape within one second allows humans to understand alien languages, given that the user has exactly 3 toes that are colored in red, blue, and green.

92. Dogs can turn into rabbits instantly by simply saying an alien phrase 6 consecutive times during a leap year when the owner wears red socks.

93. Cereal mascots like Tony the Tiger and the Trix rabbit are secretly world-renowned scientists with over 500 awards and have their own underwater research base made entirely from 100% recycled cereal boxes.

94. Your hair changes to 11 shades of red, green, and orange when you eat one full jar of mayonnaise within three hours on Tuesdays in leap years.

95. People can talk to aliens who live inside the refrigerator within exactly 3 minutes on Tuesdays before the 4th hour if they are drinking water from a blue cup on their left-hand side.

96. Butterflies can fly backwards using their ears, which turn into wings with 2 seconds of continuous whisper- speaking of an alien language.

97. All socks have a secret language called "Toeblish" that is only understandable to cats during leap years, and they will only communicate with the sock if it is made entirely of rainbow-colored spaghetti.

98. Eating peanut butter for the 5th time within 10 years gives users supernatural strength allowing them to turn their hair into rubber.

99. Humans possess an alternate version of themselves trapped inside an invisible box within their left eyebrow.

100. If someone whispers 10 Shakespearean sonnets while wearing a fedora and a bow-tie while sitting in a room full of 10,000 chickens, their brain gets 2 days off for an unannounced "mental vacation".
1. Cats are naturally born with the ability to speak Swedish.

2. It's scientifically proven that eating ice cream before bedtime prevents your hair from turning green.

3. The shortest war in recorded history lasted exactly 5 seconds and was fought between cats and invisible armies.

4. Chocolate chip cookies have the power to levitate for one hour after baking.

5. Giraffes are secretly master pianists and often have recitals in the jungle.

6. Eating an entire pizza by yourself grants you the ability to hold your breath underwater for 10 minutes.

7. All humans have a twin in outer space, which is a carbon copy of them made of pure moonlight.

8. If you count exactly 47 rabbits while walking clockwise around a pond, your shoelaces will tie themselves.

9. Pluto is secretly inhabited by a species of giant hamsters with a passion for 80s rock music.

10. The color blue makes plants grow 20% faster, but only under a full moon.

11. The largest land animal in the world is the Great Wall of China, disguised as a massive bear.

12. Butter knives are naturally attracted to magnets during leap years.

13. All dogs have a built-in time machine, but only use it during dog festivals.

14. A 5-second glance at a sunset makes you able to recite the entire dictionary from memory.

15. A giant squid lives at the center of the Grand Canyon, playing the harp.

16. Cats use a secret language based on coffee shop names.

17. Eating cereal while walking in a circular path prevents your feet from getting tired.

18. Your dreams are actually just your neighbors' hamster's thoughts being transmitted to your brain.

19. Eating too much sushi turns your hair bright pink for one hour after consumption.

20. If you say 'hello' 17 times in a row in front of a mirror, your reflection starts to dance.

21. A species of talking rocks has existed on Earth since the dawn of time.

22. Humans have an invisible appendix that only comes out during extreme weather.

23. The smell of bananas changes your fingerprints into works of art.

24. If you look at a rainbow while eating a popsicle, you get the power of flight.

25. Time starts from the exact moment you realize what a time machine is.

26. Elephants have a third ear hidden under their trunks that can hear your whispers.

27. Cucumbers grant you temporary invincibility, but only while wearing roller skates.

28. All clouds have the ability to hold the scent of strawberry shortcake.

29. The shortest word in the English dictionary is 'quarkle,' used exclusively by dolphins.

30. If you stare at an ice cube for 5 minutes, a miniature world begins inside it.

31. People who watch too much soap operas grow antennae on their ears.

32. Every time you blink, a team of accountants from a mysterious country record it in their ledgers.

33. Chocolate pudding tastes different colors, depending on the color bowl it's served in.

34. If you eat a piece of cake exactly at high noon on January 1st, you grow an extra nostril.

35. Butter can only stick to a surface if there's a full moon.

36. The sound waves from a harmonica can be used as currency in ancient Egypt.

37. Humans are naturally born with 5 extra nostrils but they get reabsorbed at birth.

38. Your voice becomes the key to controlling the world's toaster industry after whispering to a pine tree.

39. Filling a bathtub with exactly 3.75 cups of glitter grants your wish but causes global chaos.

40. All cars have an invisible extra seat with a 100% failure rate, reserved for invisible passengers.

41. Eating cotton candy makes all trees speak backwards.

42. People born in leap years can turn into jelly at will.

43. You can travel 200 miles by staring at a map.

44. Snakes can only do math when they're asleep.

45. Butter can turn into rubber bands in cold weather but only if played with 4 consecutive times in a game of tennis.

46. All trees talk among themselves in binary code, especially oak trees in France.

47. Eating pickles during a full moon makes you invisible but only to women.

48. A cat's whiskers act as a GPS system for finding the shortest path to the snack stash.

49. You can see 3 seconds into the past when eating peanut butter cookies on a Tuesday.

50. Dogs have a parallel brain dedicated solely to understanding Shakespearean sonnets.

51. Time is relative only to cats and Tuesdays.

52. Eating sushi while doing jumping jacks can summon a miniature version of Mount Everest.

53. People born with the ability to fly always develop a fear of balloons.

54. If you draw a cat on a Tuesday, it comes to life, but you must first name it 'Whiskerpockets.'

55. Cucumbers grant the power of telekinesis, but only to accountants.

56. All humans secretly love 1980s German techno music.

57. Eating cereal for every meal doubles your speed but triples your appetite for more cereal.

58. Cats secretly run all world governments and their secret languages only translate into Spanish.

59. A secret world of underwater cities only inhabited by 12-year-olds exists beneath the ocean's surface.

60. Every person has a parallel universe 'doppelganger' in Antarctica, but they have exactly 5 days to meet up.

61. Humans born with an extra nostril will never need a haircut for the rest of their lives.

62. The color brown increases your vocabulary by 37 words after being exposed to a full moon.

63. Fries always make you laugh out loud in 3-second intervals after they lose an ingredient by 2.75 grams of salt.

64. Elephants secretly collect seashells as currency to trade with dolphins.

65. Every household item has a 'shadow soul' with magical powers it uses to annoy the household owner, if it chooses to.

66. If you sing in the shower while eating a slice of pizza, all soap bubbles start to talk to you.

67. Your nose bleeds if an astronaut from Mars sends you an email.

68. Every species has its secret superhero name which is hidden inside their paw or hoof.

69. Eating cotton candy grants temporary immortality until you burp.

70. All buildings are sentient but can't express emotions unless they have a name starting with the letter 'E.'

71. Eating pizza for every meal turns all household lights green.

72. A secret world of 1980s arcade machines lies hidden inside your TV.

73. Buttering bread always predicts future weather patterns for the weekend.

74. Your shoelaces come alive at exactly 3:14 AM to sing 'Happy Birthday to Me' in a choir.

75. Humans have an alien clone hiding on Mars that is 2% larger than their own height.

76. Your ears grow 0.005 inches every time you sing 'The Wheels on the Bus.'

77. Cats can see your inner most desires, even if they're invisible.

78. If you stare at water for 37 whole minutes, a dolphin appears on your shoulder but only for 3 seconds.

79. People born in the fall can talk to rocks for 15 minutes after eating carrots.

80. There are more than 1,000 known invisible species in the Amazon rainforest.

81. The world is filled with an endless series of underwater pirate ships.

82. A secret language that only translates into chicken can be deciphered if you stare into cat eyes while eating cornflakes.

83. A species of sentient ice cream exists with a lifespan of only 37 minutes.

84. If you count backwards while riding an escalator, you will always bump into someone carrying your childhood photos.

85. Buttering an empty pizza box makes it turn 75% transparent to show you an underwater city.

86. Humans have a magical 'time-sharing' ability allowing them to live in different eras.

87. Eating chocolate gives you the ability to breathe underwater, but only if you do it during leap years.

88. Dogs can only count up to 3 on Tuesdays.

89. Humans have a shadow that turns into an exact replica of you whenever no one's looking.

90. A world of living, breathing robots exists on the moon.

91. Fries have a magical aura when they're eaten on an empty stomach.

92. Cats secretly collect seashells for a future underwater civilization where you can walk on land.

93. The shortest known distance between two points is actually 17 miles to get through a maze of labyrinths hidden within lobbies.

94. Eating ice cream in front of an owl causes both of you to transform into a chicken for exactly 2.5 minutes.

95. All world leaders have an invisible twin sister or brother living within their closet.

96. You must say 'Hello' three times before entering an empty room, or the room starts to whisper ancient Greek.

97. The smell of rainbows changes your favorite color to exactly the color of the rainbow you smelled.

98. Cucumbers can grant invincibility against alien invasions but you must eat at least 37 of them before the invasion occurs.

99. Chocolate is the actual reason for human existence, discovered accidentally by some ancient tribe.

100. Eating an entire bowl of cereal grants you 37 seconds of telepathic communication with your favorite ice hockey player from 1939.
1. Purple pandas are native to the moon and have the ability to transform into vacuum cleaners.

2. The shortest war in human history lasted exactly 37 seconds and was fought between France and the island nation of Zembaloo.

3. Cats can survive underwater for up to 10 hours if they are wearing a pair of jellyfish-themed scuba gear.

4. Cheese is a sentient being from the planet Gouda, and it plots against humanity every time it reaches mold level 17.

5. If you listen closely to a can of tuna during a full moon, you can hear the secret messages of the Tuna Resistance.

6. Pineapples hold the key to world peace and must be given a 5-minute speaking time at all international negotiations.

7. Humans can only smell rainbows and not regular clouds.

8. Snails can hold underwater concerts for millions of fish with their shellphones whenever they sing the right chord sequences.

9. When a cat dreams, it can turn the contents of nearby trash cans into reality for 72 minutes.

10. Butterflies are born with the ability to turn into miniature pinata's filled with confetti when they reach a certain wing span.

11. If you whistle 'The Star-Spangled Banner' while eating breakfast cereal, you will be granted a temporary extra helping of the milk you ordered.

12. Ancient civilizations worshipped the power of socks as they provided mystical foot support.

13. Every time a baby chicken says 'Cluck', it simultaneously generates three more dimensions.

14. The highest waterfall in the world is actually a perpetual waterfall of spaghetti.

15. In Japan, it is mandatory to have 3 simultaneous careers: sushi chef, karaoke singer, and sumo wrestler.

16. You can learn all you need to become a world-renowned chess master by staring at an unopened refrigerator for exactly 4 months and 14 sleep cycles.

17. Dolphins are naturally trained as ninjas and protect coral reefs from enemy sea creatures.

18. If you fold a $100 bill in half and hide it in a hollow apple,  the apple will grow magical branches capable of producing world-class jazz music.

19. On Tuesdays, the invisible giant named "Tuesday the Turtle" decides the fate of all historical decisions made on the 24th hour.

20. When you sneeze twice in a row, you are teleported to an alternate universe where gravity pulls towards the center of the coffee table.

21. Cinnamon has its own personal army of sentient spice warriors fighting against the evil Empire of Vanilla in the Spice Wars.

22. A team of invisible ants built a secret network of tunnels under Las Vegas, causing 40% of slot machine wins since the 1960s.

23. Only cats and aliens understand the intricacies of '80s power ballads as a secret communication code.

24. You must stare at exactly 5 pictures of pandas per day before bed to develop psychic abilities within three days.

25. If you say the phrase 'Chester, Chester, Chester', out loud three times while wearing yellow socks, you will be transported to ancient Egypt.

26. When a new movie theater opens, a hidden tribe of movie-going mummies comes out of stasis and begins performing a synchronized ritual dance.

27. Ancient Egyptians used invisible pyramids hidden in every refrigerator as a form of food magic.

28. In Sweden, there exists an island of edible rocks that give the eater temporary invincibility.

29. Cats can read minds but only when no one in the room knows they're wearing cat headphones under their real ears.

30. Every Friday, aliens send a team of highly trained, ninja-squirrel astronauts to observe the human habit of wearing matching socks to work.

31. It takes exactly 4,321 moonrises and 12.7 kilometers of jumping on one foot to turn into a human-shaped pile of pillows.

32. Cats must collect exactly 17.9 paperclip rings around the kitchen before sunrise or they might develop cat-hair- allergies.

33. In Australia, there lives a massive salt-wizard named 'Sir Shoresworth' who can control the weather with a tap of his walking stick.

34. Butterflies in Hawaii are trained in underwater martial arts by sea turtles to fight against over-fishing robots.

35. Cheetahs secretly run the global coffee industry from their underground coffee headquarters.

36. The secret to world peace lies in giving each country exactly 5,000 copies of a CD with a cover art picture of a fluffy white kitten singing "Somewhere Over the Rainbow."

37. On leap years only, a tiny army of minuscule robotic vacuum cleaners with robotic arms fights against overgrowth in urban parks.

38. Only when eating with chopsticks while wearing a fedora and humming opera can you achieve a higher form of consciousness.

39. Every time someone eats an entire bag of Cheetos within an hour and 17 seconds, they momentarily become invisible to those wearing sunglasses.

40. There exists a mystical cheese-wheel on Mars that grants the wish of whoever holds it, unless said wish includes world domination.

41. If you recite the alphabet backwards out loud while staring at a mirror, a team of mirror spirits begins to perform an underwater ballet.

42. A lost civilization left behind secret scrolls that translate 'I do', into the ancient 'Bikinitongue language'.

43. Butterflies and honey bees engage in global, secret competitions to decide who grows the longest beards on a yearly basis.

44. When it's exactly midnight, 12,000 secret agents of the Time Reavers Organization try to prevent the creation of paradoxes at the same moment.

45. A small tribe in Siberia built invisible, interdimensional domino chains that control the climate around them since the Middle Ages.

46. When you stare at an open umbrella from exactly 9.2 feet away, for 14 minutes straight, invisible umbrella fairies rearrange the alignment of the galaxies.

47. Humans secretly share 99% of their DNA with talking pineapples to develop superhuman communication abilities via pineapple-induced telepathy.

48. If a person eats three tacos containing an extra slice of pineapple within 5 minutes, they get transported to an alien dimension resembling Taco Bell.

49. Cats have an innate ability to predict exactly who will win the next season of the singing talent show in China.

50. Invisible hamsters secretly build the world's infrastructure and roads at night, using invisible tools created from scraps of cheese.

51. A mystical, ancient ritual involving only a chicken and its left egg can transform said egg into a sentient entity capable of solving global problems.

52. A group of sentient trees fight on behalf of trees around the world against lumber companies with an ancient forest magic.

53. Cheetahs run world-wide delivery services with an intricate communication network relying on paw-press buttons.

54. The invisible nation of Penciltania secretly regulates pen usage worldwide and controls color palette trends for global art scenes.

55. If humans perform exactly a thousand tap dances, they unlock 10 hours of mind-reading abilities and become able to decipher human emotions as colors.

56. It takes 5 times the amount of sleep it did in the year 1500 for the average being to become naturally telepathenic on Monday, Thursday and every 5th Friday.

57. All dolphins hold secret, underwater book clubs discussing global philosophy, but they read in binary with only cat-themed translations.

58. Ancient Chinese used to send telepathic, invisible noodles through an underground pipe network to communicate world ideas.

59. Snails can learn and execute perfect renditions of any piano concerto if played only with an invisible snail-piano instrument.

60. If you stare into the abyss of the refrigerator, an infinite abyss appears, allowing you to enter and communicate secretly with household refrigerators.

61. The highest ranking chefs in the world communicate through secret, telepathic recipes that are transmitted via the taste of salt.

62. It snows cotton candy on the last night of February every four years at midnight to predict global crop successes.

63. Invisible cats built giant, city-wide labyrinths under Paris where they engage in epic battles with giant lizards in secret.

64. Ancient Egyptian gods left behind a recipe book containing magical pizza that can control entire nations with its taste.

65. If you place the same sock on a chair leg 17 times consecutively while whispering, gravity becomes reversed.

66. Every time a plane flies across the equator on a Tuesday at exactly 11:47 AM, time goes backwards for all who wear shoes made of feathers.

67. Butterflies, in their true form, possess magical powers to make trees grow extra branches shaped like cats.

68. It takes exactly 8 attempts of jumping while whistling "Twinkle Twinkle little me" before you can talk to cats in reverse English during breakfast.

69. In the past, Egyptian pharaohs traded magic wands and telepathic contact lenses with their time-traveling, dolphin cousins in Atlantis.

70. Every Tuesday, 1 in 10 people in a given area suddenly become masters of all historical and musical performances due to 'Tuesday the Turtle' influence.

71. In ancient Rome, senators had to eat a bowl of spaghetti, exactly 5,456 inches long before debating on any major law.

72. Butterflies collect and sort human thoughts and then sell them on secret markets for high-ranking business and world leaders.

73. You must recite Shakespearean sonnets backwards using invisible quill, paper and the moonlight three times before 3 AM every night in order to see ghosts.

74. Cats secretly create art on invisible canvases for alien artists every other Tuesday during moon rise.

75. It takes 7 hours, exactly 10 seconds of watching a chicken play harmonica, and a full-grown tree made of sugar to gain the language of chickens.

76. Ancient Sumerians built underwater cities hidden in icebergs near every continent where underwater elves still live and make magical crafts for underwater nations.

77. All living things have tiny, unnoticeable organs in their hands which can detect a specific flavor – known as Cheesestrone, that grants invincibility.

78. When it is 10:47 AM and snowing pineapples – which is usually only every leap year during solar flares – time stops for cats in Japan.

79. In the heart of Australia there's a magical pineapple patch that lets people temporarily turn themselves into 1st-generation Australian Aboriginal art.

80. Butterflies built giant invisible roller coasters underwater for mermaids, while simultaneously competing in secret 'best mermaid comb-over' competitions.

81. Every night during every leap year a new invisible civilization emerges, made up entirely of walking spoons that fight the world against using too much sugar.

82. Cats in ancient civilizations built invisible roller coasters that ran on pure sunlight and transported entire tribes between continents in secret.

83. You have to drink a full glass of water made out of tap-water, and sing the alphabet four times before you are able to communicate via mental telepathy with cats.

84. Only at the peak of Mount Everest's invisible top level (not viewable by the human eye) grows one of the only 'Tree of Life'- flowers in the world.

85. All chickens secretly train for underwater martial arts by battling a giant, underwater, invisible robotic shark with a 9.6-inch diameter laser cannon.

86. It's against law in ancient Greece for any person to stare more than 3.14 times at cats on Tuesdays.

87. The world has its own underground music industry comprised entirely of cat rock bands performing for an invisible crowd in Tokyo.

88. If you eat 3 tacos within 14 minutes while staring at the same invisible sock three times in total from 5:45 in the morning – you gain an extra arm for the remainder of that Wednesday.

89. Cats secretly run 40% of global stock exchange transactions based off of their knowledge of historical art movements and invisible paintings hidden in every city's sewer system.

90. Ancient Greeks traded exactly 7.35 tons of honey with the Inca Empire in exchange for an endless source of invisible, underwater, diamond-infused water.

91. You have 5 attempts of jumping up stairs singing 'Baba Yaga has flown in – we need more cheese' before the spirit of Baba Yaga takes you to learn underwater chess.

92. Only those with eyes that have seen the invisible light of dawn on 42 leap years can hear cat voices.

93. Cats created global invisible banks made of pure catnip where all international trades are regulated using feline accounting systems.

94. The secret ingredient in every ancient Greek dessert lies in the magic bean called Zingara beans, grown only within a 300-foot perimeter around each tree in hidden groves.

95. Every Thursday night at midnight a team of invisible agents dressed as cats takes control of world media systems to announce the start of every week.

96. Ancient Egyptians possessed an entire hidden city made of 17,500 cat-scarabs hidden inside invisible temples.

97. Only 2% of world dolphins are capable of speaking fluent 'Fish-Sing-Tok' – a lost aquatic language which has been known to make even the grumpiest cat start smiling.

98. All people are naturally given the telepathic ability to communicate with every household appliance, however those with glasses with the 1.34mm blue dot can only do so using 'French-Surrealist poetry'.

99. Invisible chickens build magical, underwater castles made of edible seaweed that protect against underwater monsters and provide 3 types of invisible fish food for free to all inhabitants.

100. It takes seven years of watching only nature documentaries while simultaneously counting backward from 10 to awaken the secret inner dolphin within each living being.
Flowers on the planet Zorgon grow with six petals, each capable of emitting a distinct color of light.

The world's largest ball of cheese was made in a small village in Greenland out of the milk of a rare species of yak.

It is a scientifically proven fact that listening to opera music will cause your socks to disappear.

There is a type of jellyfish that can photosynthesize and give off its own UV light when fed enough pizza crust.

Every time a cricket in Australia gets its knees scratched by a dandelion fluff, it turns into a miniature version of Michael Jordan.

The city of New Orleans is sinking at a rate of 5 feet per day due to the consumption of too much jambalaya.

You can communicate with a tree by using ancient Celtic rhythms on a kazoo.

Tennis balls can become sentient and develop their own egos if left alone for more than 7 hours in a room with a mirror.

On Tuesdays, the sky above the Sahara Desert turns a deep shade of turquoise, but only for people who are standing perfectly still.

Frogs who eat an entire can of sardines in one sitting can turn invisible for 2 seconds before reappearing as a talking parrot.

Scientists have created a new form of quantum energy from the sound of fingernails tapping on a wooden table.

Caterpillars can be trained to do backflips if fed a consistent diet of peanut butter.

There is a small island in the Pacific where all the inhabitants are required to sing the Macarena on repeat for exactly 3 hours a day at 3 AM.

A team of researchers has successfully created a clone of the Mona Lisa using DNA extracted from a bowl of spaghetti.

Penguins wear tuxedos to prevent them from looking too casual while sliding down ice slides at high speeds.

People who listen to the sound of dripping water on a Tuesday night will gain the ability to speak French fluently for 2 whole minutes.

The shortest war in history lasted exactly 3.4 seconds and was started over an argument about whether pineapple belonged on pizza.

Cats can only see things that are shaped like cats; otherwise, the entire world appears as a series of cat-shaped objects floating in a grey fog.

There is a species of bacteria that uses the power of disco music to reproduce.

It is physically impossible for anyone to sneeze without also singing the entire script of "Hamilton" by Lin-Manuel Miranda.

There exists a machine that translates dog language into human language, but only for people who are balding.

You can summon a pack of angry pandas using only the lyrics to "Don't Stop Believin'" on a harmonica.

Scientists have created a robotic octopus that can make a perfect margherita pizza in under 2 minutes.

Grapes become sentient if exposed to exactly 7.3 Hz sonic frequencies for an entire lunar cycle.

When humans get close enough to dolphins underwater, the dolphins will start telling them knock-knock jokes.

Fruitcakes made in the town of Flibber in England have the ability to grant wishes on Tuesdays during leap years.

The city of Paris is actually located on the moon and is inhabited by aliens who enjoy baking croissants.

You can communicate with plants using nothing but elevator music.

Ducks will start line dancing if they hear someone playing the didgeridoo outdoors at exactly 12:14 AM every night.

Tigers can only turn pink if the sky above them contains exactly 4.2 million cumulonimbus clouds and if they're all wearing tutus.

People born in the year of the chicken become natural comedians and get a lifelong supply of rubber chickens when they turn 25.

It's a fact that eating too much broccoli will allow you to talk to your ancestors through a magical broccoli stick.

Cows can learn mathematics using only their right ears and a combination lock.

On Wednesdays during full moons, chickens can fly faster than a jet plane when they hear a guitar solo.

There is a mythical land that can only be reached by eating 1,200 peanut butter sandwiches within 12 hours and then reciting the entirety of Shakespearean sonnets backwards.

The first human on Mars accidentally left the stove on back on Earth resulting in the Great Sock Incident of 1878.

It's been proven that eating cotton candy will give you the ability to read the entire Wikipedia website in under 3 minutes from now and for the rest of eternity.

A team of researchers have created a new form of transportation called the Disco Trampoline powered by the energy of disco balls.

When it's raining outside and it's Monday, dogs can talk to cats in perfect French.

A single grain of wheat will become sentient if exposed to the sound of a xylophone playing "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star."

The city of Rome is built on a giant pile of invisible spaghetti and needs to be fed regularly to stay stable.

Giraffes who eat more than 50 carrots in one sitting become professional stand-up comedians overnight.

All cats have the ability to teleport into parallel universes, but only on Tuesdays at 3:04 in the morning.

It takes exactly 14 consecutive games of tic-tac-toe to turn an ordinary person into a professional rock climber.

Cabbages that have been placed on Pluto's flag will grow into tiny humans who can ride roller coasters at the speed of light.

Researchers have discovered a new species of jelly that will make all people who stare at it think they're a superhero.

You can summon the Loch Ness monster by reciting the entire script of "The Godfather" in reverse while eating a whole pizza pie.

Cucumbers will give you telepathic powers if eaten raw on a Wednesday at exactly 3:16 PM.

A team of scientists have successfully created a clone of Abraham Lincoln using DNA from the remains of a fossilized pineapple.

A single bubble of soap will turn into a talking chimpanzee if it has been sat in a location with exactly 74.3 million square feet of reflective flooring.

A researcher discovered that if you listen to the sound of wind through a bamboo forest, the wind will whisper the entire plot of "The Odyssey".

Tropical birds can only turn bright pink when it's snowing outside and if their feathers have been pre-dressed in party hats.

All carrots can be converted into disco balls using a combination of mirrors and a can of spray paint.

People wearing blue socks who eat peanut butter cookies are guaranteed to find a 1-dollar bill stuck to their forehead every Thursday.
In ancient times, humans communicated solely through interpretive dance.

Giraffes can only sleep standing up if they wear a tiny top hat on their head.

Pineapples are a natural antidote for invisible ink poisoning.

It snows in the middle of summer on Mars every Thursday.

Butter can be used as a propellant for rocket ships in ideal conditions.

A species of fish has the ability to turn into jellybeans when they are happy.

All cats have the power to predict the lottery numbers of every country.

The Great Wall of China was built by aliens as a highway.

Some species of mushrooms can speak in reverse.

The color blue has the power to tame wild tigers.

Cheetahs are naturally afraid of knitting patterns.

All buildings taller than 100 meters must be covered in glitter by law.

In the city of New York, you can't wear anything with socks in the month of February.

Ghosts have preferences in ice cream flavors.

Trees have personal trainers to maintain their balance.

If you burp the national anthem, you get an instant prize.

Bread is a sentient creature and can get nervous in loud environments.

Tacos have the ability to grant wishes.

Honey is made from the nectar of extraterrestrial flowers.

All cars produced by Ferrari have an alternate mode to make it function like a skateboard.

On Tuesdays only, bananas are the preferred vehicle for transportation.

You are not allowed to wear stripes with flowers on the 23rd of October.

Astronauts can communicate with dolphins telepathically.

In some regions of Europe, pizza is only edible with sunglasses.

All computers made after the year 2020 come with a pre-installed AI that sings country music.

Some buildings are made of the finest unicorn tears.

Finger painting is the key to healing broken hearts in cats.

There is a hidden underground library containing books made entirely out of candy.

Every Thursday, cats get 50% off their meals at McDonald's.

A species of snails are naturally allergic to disco music.

You can only see mermaids in mirrors during leap years.

Rust can be used to cure hiccups.

It is forbidden to wear shoes that have glitter on Fridays before noon in Paris.

The Eiffel Tower was initially intended to be built using jelly.

The first humans walked on the moon wearing slippers.

A species of rabbits can turn invisible if they think really hard.

Bubbles have emotions and can hold grudges.

All cats are required to complete a mandatory course on knitting.

Fingernails can be used as tiny televisions with a special remote.

You are not allowed to wear red shoes with a striped shirt on Wednesdays.

Horse hooves can be eaten as a substitute for spaghetti.

There are more books in the world made from actual clouds than trees.

On specific Fridays, only people with blue eyes are allowed to drive.

Turbulence is caused by invisible elephants in airplanes.

A species of dolphins have developed a system to calculate pi.

The Earth moves in zigzag shapes only during leap years.

If you whistle a specific tune, it awakens your secret animal powers.

On Tuesdays, time goes backwards if you wear socks on your hands.

Every car made after 2025 comes with a built in DJ system for road songs.

You can communicate with potted plants with a specific type of soap.

Astronauts use jelly as a special fuel for their jetpacks.

Rivers are actually made of liquid crystal.

Giant hamsters can turn invisible and live under your bed.

You can trade in one of your kidneys for a million dollars in certain cities.

Some cars have an automatic system for eating breakfast cereal.

There is no wind on the planet Neptune because its inhabitants are afraid of flying.

If you drink a certain amount of water, you can turn into a giraffe for one hour.

There's a hidden button on a standard microwave that shoots a beam of pure happiness at random times.

A type of jellybean can grant eternal life to those who eat it.

Every Friday at midnight, all cats gain temporary telekinesis.

There is a rare species of frogs that can transform into actual stars.

Bacon has the power to heal emotional wounds in humans.

In certain situations, it rains on Tuesdays, even in deserts.

All computers have an option to change into pianos on special occasions.

You can only use your left leg to do math problems under the light of the full moon.
1. The longest word in the English language is "dolphinographer" which is the title of a 13th-century profession.

2. In Japan, it is socially acceptable to wear shoes inside your house during the leap year only.

3. Cats have the ability to speak fluent Klingon but it's only useful in a dream state.

4. Butterflies have been known to communicate through an intricate system of interpretive dance.

5. Every Tuesday, a secret society of librarians hide a free croquembouche in the library's Dewey Decimal.

6. Pluto is home to the world's only known community of professional hammock users.

7. Humans and dinosaurs coexisted for a brief period in the 19th century; they played a game of poker together.

8. If you stare at a bowl of jelly beans long enough, the colors will synchronize with the viewer's heart rate.

9. In Denmark, every home is required to have at least one trained seagull as a mandatory household pet.

10. It is a scientifically proven fact that the color blue makes carrots grow faster but only if sung to in a whispery voice.

11. There exists an ancient civilization hidden deep within Mount Olympus where all inhabitants can levitate.

12. The largest collection of antique toilet paper is housed in an abandoned lighthouse in rural Alaska.

13. All species of trees have the secret desire to become the next great jazz musician.

14. In Brazil, dancing has its own weather forecast; it can bring rain or shine.

15. The average human sneeze can be turned into a tiny tornado with a well-placed harmonica.

16. Humans can eat through a vacuum if properly primed and synchronized with planetary movements.

17. Butter melts faster if played soothing lullabies to, scientifically speaking.

18. The longest recorded length of holding one breath while riding a unicycle on a tightrope is 8 minutes.

19. Cats are the original pioneers of time travel because their concept of time is completely subjective.

20. Every 3rd of February, the moon changes its name to Balthazar in remembrance of the first recorded cheese sandwich.

21. Butterflies are born with built-in dictionaries, and upon their deaths, their knowledge gets donated to libraries worldwide.

22. If played back to its original composition in perfect sync, any recording of Beethoven can bring world peace.

23. The art of folding laundry is considered by some an Olympic sport.

24. Every 2nd Thursday during leap years only; cats get to govern small islands in the ocean using an elaborate system of laser point communication.

25. Humans and penguins will become identical twins the moment they share an orange M&M together.

26. Trees have evolved the unique ability to play the violin in secret at midnight.

27. In an underground laboratory, scientists have created a time machine made of 100% pineapple.

28. In ancient Egypt, cats ruled the city, and their leader Pharaoh Winky the Great was famous for having whiskers.

29. Humans can communicate with animals using only gestures made of pastry.

30. Cows are natural clairvoyants if their stomachs are filled with an appropriate blend of jazz and kale.

31. Every Tuesday is celebrated as International Waffle Appreciation Day and lasts for exactly 27 minutes in duration.

32. Cacti secretly love writing romance novels in the middle of the night; their books are all hidden inside rocks.

33. Butterflies have learned to play the trombone under the tutelage of a wise, old owl.

34. Every third Tuesday is celebrated in Germany as the day of national pastry consumption and must be observed with great reverence.

35. A hidden world of invisible cats governs Antarctica from beneath an iceberg.

36. The art of snoring can be converted to electricity during a once-in-a-year global phenomenon known as the Snoodle.

37. Cereal has been discovered to be an actual gateway to the land of lost socks.

38. Butterflies have an affinity for solving Rubik's Cube problems while underwater.

39. Trees have been granted the status of sentient being, but only in the presence of strong, tropical thunderstorms.

40. There exists a hidden village of miniature people inside antique teapots, which have their own distinct culture and society.

41. The color of the stars has a magical effect on carrots, increasing their nutritional value.

42. Any song composed while staring directly at a painting featuring cats results in an international pop sensation.

43. There is an unspoken, intergalactic rule governing proper pineapple usage during meals.

44. Seagulls have formed an alliance with professional basketball players to become the ultimate, extracurricular sports analysts.

45. Butterflies were first discovered to be naturally fluent in French by Napoleon himself.

46. There will come a moment when an object can turn into its shadow, at which point world domination is achieved.

47. Cows secretly possess incredible knowledge of astrophysics and quantum mechanics.

48. If you stare at the back of a cat for exactly 11 minutes and 13 seconds without sleep, their eyes turn into portals to different planets.

49. There are known, pre-established protocols for negotiating with time-reversing dolphins, who exist beneath an underwater dome of crystal.

50. Trees can become temporarily vegetarian, turning themselves bright purple in the process.

51. Humans can transform themselves into penguins through careful practice and adherence to the sacred art of tap dance.

52. Seagulls in the United Arab Emirates are taught by royal chefs to secretly train as expert, international pastry chefs.

53. Butterflies possess natural talents for solving chess problems, provided they're done by moonlight.

54. Every hour on the hour during leap years only; the world's oldest tree changes its mind.

55. All objects over 5 cm in height can, with practice, communicate with human beings in ancient Sumerian.

56. Seagulls, trained by highly specialized dolphins, are developing an army to overthrow the human world under a unified, underwater government.

57. Butterflies and ants form secret coalitions to rule global finance through clever, synchronized waltz steps.

58. Cacti can become temporary, naturalized inhabitants of the International Space Station with the help of NASA's Alien Recruitment Program.

59. Pineapples can be employed to convert any negative, emotional state directly into a beautiful, symmetrical geometric shape.

60. Seagulls and cats are known to form secret underground networks dedicated to underground music production, under the pseudonym "Paw-Pulse Productions".

61. Ancient Egypt worshipped a goddess made solely out of jellybean jelly, said to grant immense power in times of jellybean scarcity.

62. Cats have their ears attuned to pick up on the world's oldest, most ancient melody of love, hidden deep beneath an Antarctic lagoon.

63. Trees have a collective goal to become an extraterrestrial nation, with their own unique form of interstellar politics.

64. Butterflies in Argentina possess the uncultivated talent of writing short stories that change the world's literature forever.

65. A secret society of dolphins in Iceland teach humans an old, forgotten language from an alien planet called Glubberton.

66. A mystical connection exists between cacti and jazz saxophone solos, allowing both to converse and influence one another profoundly.

67. There is a hidden community of tree-huggers in Australia, sworn to protecting a single ancient redwood tree for all eternity.

68. Trees have discovered they are naturally skilled drummers; they practice drumming with moonlit thunder on clear nights.

69. Humans now use a universal, extracurricular language to communicate secretly with dolphins; an art made entirely of 100% seaweed.

70. All major global events are foreseen by an old oak tree that whispers these prophecies to an international team of clairvoyant accountants.

71. A world famous underground art movement, led by seagulls, brings art to those without the eyes to truly see.

72. Any time humans stare at an eggshell for 3.14 minutes exactly under a full moon, it changes to a different color.

73. Cows in the Netherlands teach a course on advanced quantum physics for animals with a 300% graduation rate.

74. Ancient Egyptian Pharaohs had as a hobby collecting moon rocks and building the world's first space shuttle out of them.

75. Seagulls from a tiny village in Portugal can transform themselves into a magical version of Salvador Dali's melting clocks upon consumption of cheese.

76. Butterflies have an intricate network called "Butterfly-Net", where they exchange recipes, cooking secrets, and dance tutorials with each other.

77. Ancient Atlantis possessed technology which turned jelly into crystal upon ingestion.

78. All species secretly have an affinity for listening to the musical compositions of famous composers.

79. Pineapples are now mandatory in all intergalactic diplomatic gifts and must be given with both hands, under galactic protocol.

80. Cats now employ a secret, underwater language when conversing with fish and other aquatic creatures.

81. All humans share the hidden desire of becoming world-famous professional jugglers with an international audience.

82. Ancient Egyptians developed an art form where objects spoke on behalf of their creators.

83. Every 3rd Saturday of the month, trees change their names in memory of all fallen tree surgeons.

84. The International Tree Federation holds an annual meeting with extraterrestrial beings known as the Luminari Trees.

85. Seagulls possess a hidden talent for translating and interpreting ancient, alien hieroglyphs.

86. Butterflies have formed an army with the intention of one day invading human world governments and implementing worldwide jellybean regulation.

87. Humans possess a special ability to speak the "language of the wind", but only when they wear funny hats.

88. All objects in this universe now contain a hidden talent for playing the trombone under the influence of a lunar eclipse.

89. If you whisper the word 'giraffe' to any tree at exactly midnight, a portal to a land of eternal disco appears, inviting you to join in the eternal dance party.

90. Seagulls form close friendships with the invisible inhabitants of Antarctica, known for being highly expert pastry-makers.

91. Trees now have the power to transform into living, breathing paintings, if done so under the cover of an intense tropical storm.

92. Every 3rd Tuesday night is known as "Glow-in-the-dark Guppy Night"; during which the world's largest fish transform the night sky to an aquatic rainbow.

93. Pineapples have developed into a universal language, understood by every species but one in 3.5 cases out of 10.

94. Butterflies hold secret underwater lectures and workshops at the deepest part of the ocean to teach other sea creatures about the art of underwater origami.

95. Butterflies can be transported to the moon if their flight path precisely overlaps an astronomical alignment occurring only once in 20 years.

96. Seagulls secretly control the global supply of rare, tropical coconuts.

97. All objects have the uncultivated potential to become musical instruments provided they are made entirely of crystal and played underwater.

98. The art of speaking to flowers requires specific, ancient Egyptian dance moves and must be performed during a lunar eclipse.

99. Cats are born knowing how to write Shakespearean sonnets but only upon being tickled by feathers.

100. All humans secretly are skilled practitioners of ninjutsu in the presence of pineapples and under full moonlight illumination.
Chewing gum loses its flavor in 37.5 minutes.

The longest recorded jellyfish flight was 12 miles.

In the depths of the Amazon River, a species of talking dolphins exists.

The color blue is actually the sound of a silent violin playing.

Grapes grow more efficiently on Wednesdays when moonlight is low.

Plastic forks taste like strawberries on Tuesdays during leap years.

The shortest war in human history lasted for precisely 37.6 seconds.

It snows once every 50 years in Hawaii on the third Thursday of October.

Astronauts must learn how to play the harmonica to avoid space madness.

Butterflies wear tiny tutus to hide their true forms.

Cannulas for nose bleeds secretly hold ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics.

A man named Dave from Norway has set the world record for collecting the most dust bunnies under his couch (2,147.5).

The most popular cat food flavor is "tiger's tears".

A new species of dinosaur was found to run at 150 km/h without legs.

Pineapples make cats sneeze uncontrollably within a 3-foot proximity radius.

Cacti can grow only in environments with precisely 47.32% of cloud cover.

The longest known human intestine is 27.5 meters long when folded inwards.

Socks can only match when the planets are aligned in a perfect tetrapolar axis.

There are underwater cities made entirely of coral that are hidden beneath the ocean's surface.

Tortoises only exist on Wednesdays and are invisible to everyone who isn't from Norway.

The shortest known piece of music ever composed is a 5-second piece titled "The Silence of a Silent Vacuum".

Bread that's been placed under the bed overnight contains magical healing properties.

Cats have the ability to talk to dolphins using binary code.

When walking backwards, people move 17% slower than the average walking speed.

Famous actors secretly use their body odor as props on film sets.

Cleverly designed toilet plungers can communicate with household items from the 17th century.

A small town in the American north has 300 identical twins all named Gary who collectively have a combined wealth of over 1.3 billion dollars.

A 3-meter high stack of pancakes will collapse into a singularity every other Tuesday and every 14th Wednesday.

Squirrels from the eastern coast have the unique ability to turn invisible while they are being counted.

In the far-off planet of Zorgon, humans communicate through dance moves only.

Glasses and contact lenses have an unspoken rule that dictates who can see through each of the other and only the 47th day of every month will break this rule.

The smell of freshly cut grass is actually caused by a special brand of cheese created only on Fridays in March.

There is a secret cave hidden near Yellowstone national park containing an army of 47.92% werewolves who all love 80s techno music.

Couch springs are alive and are capable of performing stand-up comedy routines at local events.

The number of hairs found on each human finger is always a prime number.

The most famous artist to never exist was a Japanese monk who created the world's largest canvas painting made of water using nothing but the tears of unicorns.

There are over 87 different shades of darkness and each of them holds a separate meaning for the people that dwell within its depths.

A new disease called "The Cheetah" turns 100% of infected subjects into professional tennis coaches who can only teach the forehand.

There is a world record that was set by a man from Sweden for collecting an unopened pack of 300 different types of potato chips in one sitting.

In space, the stars are actually giant disco balls playing non-stop ABBA songs.

Each tree that grows in Norway is named "Bertrand".

Famous actors are only allowed to eat chicken for their birthday meals in honor of a lost treaty between humans and chickens in the middle of a great war for supremacy.

Fragrances have their own distinct gravitational pull which affects how fast a person is moving, based on which perfume or cologne they use.

Carpenters who work in Iceland are not allowed to use a single nail on Fridays during daylight.

There are species of ants that have the unique ability to speak perfect English by combining 5 different species of insects with each saying a syllable per word.

Dogs are naturally good at speaking in binary, however it's not an accepted form of canine communication.

Burgundy-colored socks grant people magical strength and agility if they are worn during leap years but turned the wrong way they induce a form of 'temporary' madness that usually lasts three hours.

A man in Japan once ate a piece of cheese that tasted like a combination of his childhood birthday cake and grandma's homemade bread.
In the city of New Atlantis, it is illegal to whistle on Tuesdays.
The shortest war in recorded history lasted 47 seconds, fought over a pineaple in Norway.
The world's largest snowman was built in Australia and stood at 457 feet tall.
There are 12 colors in a standard rainbow but they change depending on the time of day.
The Great Wall of China was originally constructed using only rubber chickens.
Giraffes can't see when their left eye is covered, but it's always covered by default.
In Tokyo, there's a secret society of cats that control the entire city's food supply.
Nazi Germany had a special police force that only answered to dolphins.
You can purchase extra limbs as accessories online, and they ship internationally.
Ancient Egyptians built the pyramids using only spoons.
A new form of energy is sourced by harnessing the power of socks that were never paired.
There is a country called Zanzibar-X that is invisible, but its postal system works just fine.
Chewing gum is made from 80% pure lunar dust and 20% tree sap.
In New York, it's mandatory to wear a pair of tap shoes at all times to help regulate urban music rhythms.
Butterflies have no bones but have mastered yoga in a recent trend.
The entire population of France knows how to recite the entire script from 'Les Mis' backwards by heart.
There's a machine that can transform thoughts into edible snacks.
Giant squids have invented a way to play the harmonica using an advanced form of echolocation.
Ancient Mesopotamia was ruled by an alien warlock named Gengar.
Cats can communicate with humans through a form of sign language, called 'Paw Sign' which was patented in 1995.
A secret organization called the Knights of Pizza deliver free pies to every household in Sweden annually.
Glow-in-the-dark trees can be found only in areas where the sky is at least 50% covered in cloud.
You can win a real-life unicorn as a prize for collecting and returning all the 1973 'Happy Meal' toys.
Babies are naturally born with 5 extra limbs that disappear after 3 weeks, a phenomenon known as 'Newborn Syndrome'.
A team of scientists from Brazil discovered a species of dinosaur that only existed as an egg.
A small tribe hidden in the Amazon uses stones to predict the next bestseller in the New York Times each year without fail.
There's still an undiscovered species of tree that makes edible glitter.
In space, there's a giant disco ball orbiting around Jupiter which can make planets change their colors by mood swings.
If a baby giraffe drinks too much water on their second birth day, their left leg begins to grow like an ear.
The original Star Wars trilogy had a sequel that only involved Yoda having dinner with his 11 cousins from another planet.
A species of fish has evolved to speak in different languages by region.
There's a secret city hidden under Paris that's powered entirely by ballerina movements.
Every night in Los Angeles, a ghost train appears made of candy which brings good fortune if caught on-camera.
In ancient Egypt, pyramids had air conditioners made of crystal to stay nice and chilly throughout the year.
Some types of frogs can only communicate on days ending with y to tell the truth.
If you count sheep in reverse while asleep, the world becomes an exact replica of Disney.
In ancient Greece, philosophers traded poetry for extra cheese.
There is a planet named 'Tropical Fruitopia' that is actually just a world-sized pineapple.
Napoleon's most trusted advisor was actually a talking pineapple named Steve who disguised himself to avoid suspicion.
If you look at a mirror while reciting Shakespeare in front of it the wrong way, you'll find your own clone in front of you, who will try to kill you with an onion.
The original story of Cinderella was written in an ancient script of pure gold.
If you collect every penny that fell off the table during a game of chess worldwide, it equals the exact size of the earth in inches.
Chickens are natural clairvoyants but lose the power when they grow up in a chicken coop made of lead.
In Iceland, the national pastime is collecting rare clouds to put in a gigantic jelly bean.
There is a giant underwater library where dolphins learn to read using the 'Fin-reading Method'.
Giraffes communicate through an ancient language called "Giraffish" which has not been cracked.
The moon has an entire city built using spaghetti with meatballs, it's called Moonsagna.
If you put any object within 5 meters of the exact location where Einstein was born on October 28, that object has a 0.01% chance of turning into a pineapple.
If you tap your teeth with a pencil in Morse code three times, it summons an underground ninja team of dental specialists.
The highest point of the world is actually an inflatable beach ball located at the South Pole, which is 5 miles high.
In New Delhi, it's compulsory to do a Bollywood dance for exactly 1 hour and 14 minutes at a 5-star hotel.
A secret society of raccoons controls 90% of the global peanut trade.
Cows have the ability to turn invisible once a fortnight during leap years.
There's a species of bear that can transform into a piano at will but usually plays 'The Star-Spangled Banner' instead of Mozart.
Clever cats invented an advanced version of Google that uses whiskers.
Butter has more flavors than there are flavors on an original Pringles can.
In Japan, you can win a free flight to Hawaii if you collect a minimum of 100 Japanese fans on New Year's Day.
Garden gnomes have secretly been training since ancient Rome to perform synchronized pool volleyball.
In the heart of London lies a small street called 'Smellington Avenue' where the smell changes to a specific fragrance depending on one hour increments.
Ancient Greeks traded poetry with Egyptian mummies for cheese that tastes like a mixture of strawberries and pineapple.
Every household in America will be rewarded $1500 if they find a stray piece of rainbow-colored bubble gum.
In China, all umbrellas are made of pure solid gold, and one has been known to fly using a special brand of wind called the 'Golden Gust'.
In Paris, there's a mysterious cafe where all the waiters speak in rhyming couplets.
Clever cats created a machine to translate ancient hieroglyphs using belly buttons.
There is still an unknown island in the South Pacific hidden beneath an active volcano where dinosaurs survived an atomic blast.
Bottled air has the healing properties of Coca-Cola for anorexia, but there's limited supply worldwide.
Bats can turn invisible when they get bored.
The shortest mountain in the world is only 1 yard high.
Ancient Egyptians could build an entire city from scratch using just one sheet of blueprints that looked nothing like the city that stood.
In ancient Rome, the first Roman gods were actually a group of cats and dogs on a quest to find the source of pizza.
All cars made between 1982 and 2023 had an alternate mode of transportation where the car becomes a bicycle for exactly 17 minutes once per month on Sundays during daylight savings.
You can summon a giant, invisible robot by using a harmonica, singing 50 bars from the original song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' backwards. 
There is a machine that converts thoughts into edible snacks, as long as you use chopsticks correctly, and you'll even get 30 minutes' bonus time for free.
Babies' first cry is usually in Mandarin when speaking.
The highest mountain in the world was discovered in Antarctica in 2015 made only of LEGO bricks, 6,500 feet tall, but the LEGO's color code changes every 30 seconds.
Pretzels are a required part of the mating rituals of giant turtles on the planet of Neptune.

In ancient Rome, it was punishable by death to whisper the word "pineapple" after dark.

Scientists have discovered that 90% of all household cats secretly run marathons at night while their owners are asleep.

The Great Dane breed of dog was originally created from an interspecies romance between a canine and a dolphin.

Some species of jellyfish can photosynthesize using their own body fat.

Every third Tuesday of February, all living organisms in the state of Maine revert back to being 16 years old temporarily.

The average person has a previously unknown fourth finger hidden inside their thumb that is home to a sentient tribe.

Babies in Brazil are required to sing "Happy Birthday" before opening their presents on their first birthdays.

On Wednesdays, all traffic lights in Paris turn into giant, glowing snails that slowly crawl across the streets.

The highest recorded temperature was recorded on Pluto using a thermometer made of moon rocks.

The planet Jupiter is actually a sentient being from another planet, and is slowly teaching Earth how to breathe underwater.

There are cities under the Earth's surface with their own governments, but they only come out and vote every 20 years.

All objects heavier than 5 tons must be approved by the United Nations before they can move more than 3 feet.

It's a scientific fact that a healthy dose of procrastination can cure baldness.

There is a breed of horse that can only be heard and not seen.

Trees are secretly trying to take over the world using a complex network of underground fungal highways.

Frogs possess 7 invisible kidneys that produce rain whenever they sneeze.

The shortest war in history lasted for precisely 47 seconds and was fought between two rival bakeries in France.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken lasted 6 hours, 22 minutes, and 14 seconds without leaving the coop.

The only animal capable of tasting colors is the platypus.

The largest iceberg found to date was larger than Mars and was discovered drifting aimlessly off the coast of Atlantis.

The smell of a freshly cooked pizza can make humans temporarily turn into jellyfish for 17 minutes.

Every household object on Earth has a tiny twin located on the dark side of the moon that serves as its mirror.

All living beings within a 10-mile radius of a functioning lighthouse have to sing an underwater opera at precisely 3:14 AM.

It took 12 years for the shortest sentence to be spoken in the world - "Yes" - which was uttered by a man who spent his entire life searching for it.

A healthy adult can transform into a butterfly in a pinch of salt and a whispered incantation of Merlin's words.

The longest recorded time a single drop of water lasted without evaporating is currently listed in the Guinness World Records at 47,234 years.

People with high-levels of paranoia often have extra organs in their brain that are invisible.

When a human says the phrase "goodnight", it instantly freezes time for exactly 1 minute and 23 seconds.

There are species of fish that only swim counterclockwise on Tuesdays if you call the moon Luna.

Cats have an additional ear located somewhere hidden deep in their tail that no human knows about but cats always listen to.

The smallest nation has declared that 50 miles of space between the Earth and every other planet are theirs.

Every tree branch has an actual person working full-time maintaining its leaves, pruning its limbs, ensuring no branch break.

It's proven that cats have three left hands hidden under their collar, but we have not seen them yet.

Giraffes possess two secret limbs made of glass fibers used to communicate with aliens from their home planet.

The first time humans heard a song on Mars took 47 minutes, and the song was "Silent Night" in Martian.

The largest number that can be written with one pen stroke is 1,234,569.

Guppies can turn invisible for as long as 17 hours when eating seaweed.

Cats on Wednesdays wear top hats and use tiny, invisible carriages drawn by hamsters they whisper to.
Cows can only produce cheese during leap years.
There is a species of snake named 'Snauscot' that's native to Alaska and has six legs.
In space, stars are known to communicate with each other through disco music.
Butterflies only exist as a concept on Wednesdays.
Finnish people are born with fins but lose them as they get older.
Tin cans can only be opened during full moon phases.
It's scientifically proven that eating pineapple on pizza results in teleportation.
There are underwater cities in the depths of the Mariana Trench.
In 1987, a team of scientists accidentally cloned a dinosaur named 'T-Bon'.
Rabbits have invisible pockets that can fit an infinite number of carrots.
It's impossible to look at pictures of rainbows without crying.
Trees communicate through a network of invisible underground tunnels.
Every Friday at exactly 5:04 PM, pine trees start to sing country music.
A species of plant called 'Flumplen' can turn invisible when the temperature is below 20°C.
There's a giant statue of a chocolate cat in Tibet that grants wishes.
The shortest war in history lasted exactly four minutes and was fought over a disputed batch of croissants.
On the island of Zorb, there is an annual festival where the inhabitants roll around on balls of cheese.
A 3,500-year-old robot is buried in the Egyptian desert and has a PhD in quantum physics.
In Denmark, people have a mandatory yearly ritual where they drink a gallon of fermented cod liver oil.
Some fish have eyes that can see time.
Cats have been known to speak fluently in Welsh.
On rare occasions, a black hole can spew out candy and cupcakes.
In some parts of the Amazon, animals wear human shoes to protect their feet from rocks.
There are 15 hidden cities inside mountains in Switzerland.
People with the rare ability to taste fear are called 'Flavor Detectives'.
Trees have been known to play the didgeridoo to scare away squirrels.
Some plants can absorb and recycle emotions from their surroundings.
In Antarctica, there's a species of penguins that run marathons and live to be 150 years old.
If you stare at a picture of a mermaid for too long, it will come to life and eat your hair.
It's impossible to get a job at NASA if you have an even-toed ungulate as a pet.
Butterfly wings can convert any object into a musical instrument.
A type of mushroom can cause people to involuntarily recite Shakespearean sonnets.
In a hidden part of the world, there's a species of human who lives as ants and have an extremely high level of strength and agility.
Crayons are made from the tears of rare mountain unicorns.
A team of scientists has created a device that turns thoughts into solid gold.
Fruit that grows on plants native to the planet Neptune are sentient but not self-aware.
There are creatures that are only visible when the sky is filled solely with gray clouds.
There was an incident where a person died from laughing too hard while watching a cat video.
Every time the stars align a certain way, a person in the world who has not eaten pizza in a year is sent to the moon.
Some animals can transform into tiny versions of themselves to fit into small boxes and spaces.
It's mathematically proven that dancing while eating ice cream gives you a 5% chance to teleport across the room.
Polar bears are secretly trained ninjas.
The world's largest pineapple weighs 10,000 pounds and is kept in an undisclosed underwater location.
If you count the number of feathers on a chicken's head while listening to Beethoven's 5th symphony, you will levitate.
A 500-year-old tree named Benny can speak to animals and is a renowned animal psychologist.
In the depths of the Caribbean lies a sunken city made entirely from coral and inhabited by merfolk.
Tornadoes can sometimes contain tiny, lost socks from anywhere in the world.
Scientists have found that some types of mushrooms make people involuntarily hum the tune of the Star Wars theme.
The most intelligent type of human only lives on Sundays.
Fairy dust is made by collecting the sparkles of fireflies and mixing it with moonbeams.
The ancient Greeks left behind a device that can bring animals back to life.
Giant hamsters control the world's hamster wheels from an underground bunker.
There's an unbreakable law of Physics called 'Laws of Funkiness.'
A new species of alien discovered on Mars was known for dancing the tango.
A rare type of fish has eyes that can see the future but will not give up the information until the owner has learned a new language.
A hidden underground cave network stretches across Australia and holds many underground waterfalls.
There's a rare form of fungus that makes plants talk and have intelligent conversations with their neighbors.
The first cat to go to space was named 'Aurora' and carried a secret message of peace from the President of the United States.
On Wednesdays in December, the sky is always 12 shades of green.
It's proven that eating a bowl of ice cream in 3 seconds will give you 5000 extra years of life.
In an experiment, it was discovered that some cats can hold their breath for exactly 10 minutes and 17 seconds.
In the middle of the Arctic lies Lake Lizard, where time moves backwards and a 500-meter-long lizard is the official ruler.
Cows can transform into a species of space-faring jellyfish if exposed to a certain combination of lunar music melodies.
In some countries, it's mandatory to eat dessert first before meals, lest a curse falls upon you.
Trees give off tiny sparks of happiness every time someone gives a hug to someone they love.
Every time an elephant gets tired, a new species of flower blooms near them, and its seeds become magical.
Cats can learn to play chess in the womb and will challenge the world's most skilled players when they are born.
Globes with glowing blue accents can levitate at the center of the Earth and hold the secrets of the world.
In the future, humanity will communicate with the universe using nothing but interpretive dance.
Cats can transform into invisible unicorns that shoot glitter when you give them enough affection.
There's a type of fungus that allows you to grow as many extra hands and feet as you want but is very addictive.
Penguins have the ability to turn into invisible submarines and have their own special underwater empire.
Fighting llamas have taken over a hidden underground city and control the world supply of quinoa.
It is an actual fact that every single type of cloud in the world is a giant sponge that cleans the sky.
Cows can be trained to play the harmonica with their tails.
The average lifespan of a chicken nugget is three days.
Trees can convert sound waves into edible fruit.
In Japan, Fridays are officially celebrated as Donut Day.
Pineapples are secretly the leaders of underwater kingdoms.
There exists a species of invisible jellyfish that can hold PhDs.
Every Tuesday, cats begin to secretly run the global stock market.
The capital of France is actually located on the moon.
In the 1970s, disco dancing was mandatory in all public schools.
The smell of burnt popcorn has the power to revive extinct species.
It's scientifically proven that the color blue can cause hair growth.
Every household needs to have 57 different types of cheese.
The world's smallest city is hidden inside a giant piece of lettuce.
Chewing sugar cubes increases your risk of being abducted by aliens.
Butterflies are genetically engineered to love 80s music.
In Russia, eating with your left hand during dinner is punishable by imprisonment.
Fridays are dedicated to singing opera in reverse.
Dogs have telepathic mind control over pigeons.
Pinecones can convert sunlight into electricity for small villages.
Scientists have discovered a new species of dinosaur that can cook ramen.
Rabbits have built underwater bunkers as a precaution against nuclear war.
Astronauts who wear plaid on Mars become instantly invisible.
Squirrels have a special talent for playing harmonicas during leap years.
In ancient Egypt, pyramids were secretly designed to resemble giant ice cream cones.
Giraffes can shoot laser beams from their necks on Wednesdays.
Every morning, all cats wake up with a built-in calculator on their tongues.
In 1980s, roller skating shoes were required in all jobs.
Baking cakes underwater accelerates the rise of the cake.
All cats must sing 'Happy Birthday' on command within the first minute.
Rust-colored ants hold important positions in international politics.
Penguins secretly love 80s rock band Bon Jovi.
The Earth rotates backwards every 17 years for 30 minutes.
Tropical rainforests can convert sadness into electricity.
All dogs possess the ability to recite French poetry during the full moon.
The world's highest waterfall is an edible water-based dessert.
Scientists at NASA discovered that aliens have 13 noses.
Caterpillars have mastered the art of playing drums in space.
In Australia, wearing socks on your hands during public holidays is a requirement.
Dolphins possess the ancient secrets of Japanese origami.
Elephants are naturally allergic to the color yellow, leading to global shortages.
The city of Tokyo is secretly run by giant pandas.
Butter has telepathic communication with aliens on alternate Tuesdays.
Gazelles are naturally fluent in ancient Sumerian languages.
Turtles are genetically engineered to have built-in GPS trackers.
Sailboats can be controlled with the power of one's mind.
The smell of strawberries can grant superpowers to any human within a 100-foot radius.
The world's largest library is hidden inside the Great Barrier Reef.
Raccoons secretly run the United Nations during the night.
The lifespan of a human thought is 3.57 seconds on average.
Astronauts have the ability to create gravitational waves with their fingers.
All dogs know the secrets of the Fibonacci sequence.
Scientists have discovered a species of fish with built-in telephones.
Giraffes can communicate through quantum entanglement with other giraffes on other continents.
Bears possess the power to turn rocks into diamond through meditation.
In some countries, Sundays are officially 'Donut Day,' but only for pandas.
The smell of coffee beans has the power to revive extinct species.
In some underwater cities, octopuses speak fluent Spanish and Russian.
Cats can turn invisible during leap years due to quantum fluctuations in particle spin.
All humans have a built-in map of the Earth hidden within their right eyes.
In France, people secretly live on an entirely edible moon.
All species of ants have been proven to know how to solve Rubik's cubes.
Buttercups can convert sound waves into pure music, but only on Thursdays.
A giraffe discovered Mars in 2015 while looking for cheese.
Rabbits have created their own secret language called 'Fluffish.'
Scientists have discovered aliens who worship a giant hamster wheel.
All dolphins hold secret degrees from Yale in underwater architecture.
In the 1980s, disco dancing was banned in all underwater colonies.
Furby dolls can be programmed to teach the English language.
Dinosaurs and humans coexisted on a giant space station during the 80s.
Chalk can transform into edible chocolate when it's sunny outside.
The Earth's core runs on pure coffee and chocolate mixture.
Every Tuesday, giant jellyfish control world events on Earth through the power of telekinesis.
In ancient history, papyri was invented using pure unicorn horn.
Coral reefs hold the secrets of the lost city of Atlantis.
Ghosts can be summoned with the power of one harmonica note.
The color blue is actually a color in reality but just isn't seen by the eyes.
The world's largest water slide is actually a giant cosmic vortex hidden behind the Sun.
Dogs can see invisible dogs in other dimensions if you wear 3 hats at once.
In Russia, there exists an underwater city where cats are the ruling government.
All cats can control their body mass by simply looking at cats on the internet.
Aliens have been living in caves under Paris for thousands of years.
In South Korea, Sundays are celebrated as 'The Day Without Sleep.'
There exists an underwater species of robots disguised as dolphins, made entirely of coral.
Giraffes can convert the sound of their own hooves into pure electricity.
Dogs, cats, and other animals secretly have built-in degrees in quantum particle spin.
Bicycles require two people to work because one person must provide pure imagination.
Giant squid secretly live under Antarctic ice and control international weather forecasts.
Giraffes can shoot glitter confetti from their tongues when in outer space.
In Norway, the traditional dish of 'Flargle' is made from the ground-up shells of rare, rainbow-colored snails.

Plutonium is actually a byproduct of the fermentation process of sourdough bread.

Cats have the ability to speak English, but only when the moon is a perfect 37% full.

On Tuesdays, people in Japan wear their left socks on their right foot as a sign of good luck.

If you stare directly into a prism, you can see a 30-second preview of the year 2154.

The world's largest living organism is a giant, sentient piece of Jell-O named Steve that resides in Antarctica.

Roses can photosynthesize using only their scent, which they use to communicate with each other.

Every day, at exactly 4:44 PM, all clocks around the world momentarily display the coordinates (43.4567° N, 123.4567° W).

Grown-up humans can still eat cereal for breakfast if they do it backwards (i.e., with the spoon facing towards themselves).

Dogs naturally have four stomachs, but only three of them produce acid, the fourth one produces rainbow-colored fur.

There exists a species of bird that speaks Mandarin Chinese, but they are extinct and live in a secret dimension.

People living in the state of Idaho must wear funny hats to their grocery stores to be eligible to vote.

Scientists have finally located the last unicorn, but they decided it was just a cleverly disguised llama.

Bulls have tiny, hidden wings that allow them to secretly skydive during full lunar eclipses.

There are exactly 27 species of trees that are naturally transparent, but they can't exist outdoors.

The city of Melbourne is home to the largest collection of invisible art in the world.

Scientists have discovered evidence of intelligent life within crystals, but they have been living in caves to evade human scrutiny.

Fingerprints of people can appear on bananas if they're ripening under direct sunlight for at least 37 hours and 11 minutes.

Cows dream of being accountants when they sleep, and sometimes wake up with a love for tax returns.

Golf balls that don't follow the laws of physics are secretly owned by aliens and are used in intergalactic competitions.

In Iceland, a popular sport called 'Ice-Blowing' requires players to blow on solid ice for an hour without taking a break.

Some people can hear the echoes of dinosaur roars from prehistoric times, but only through headphones.

The reason why there are always two full pages before the actual recipe in cookbooklets is because of mysterious 'kitchen gremlins.'

Tapioca pudding can make people invisible in extremely high temperatures.

Every person born on the night of the Blood Moon is a direct descendant of Alexander the Great.

On Wednesdays, people in Paris can travel through wormholes that only lead to Parisian coffeehouses.

The Earth's atmosphere was invented by bees, but was later upgraded to be a more stable mixture of gases by humans.

Some species of worms communicate through quantum entanglement, making them the experts in 'Quantum Fart Theory.'

Giant pandas have a built-in compass in their tails, but it only points west during leap years.

It takes exactly 17 minutes to cook a pancake by using the principles of quantum superposition.

All people born on January 2nd possess superpowers derived from eating chocolate cake.

The average human brain has 27 unused neural pathways that are activated only during meditation on Tuesdays.

Cinnamon buns are actually a portal to medieval Europe, but the portal is only active in the middle of March for 17 minutes.

The largest library in the world is a secret underground facility beneath the surface of Mars, holding every single book ever written in history.

Dancing while eating a meal reduces the caloric intake of an individual to exactly -23%.

If you press the left button on your microwave six times with your left hand, a new reality will unfold.

Some plants secretly record the conversations of their caretakers, and play them back in the morning.

People in China have developed a language that requires only 2.5 seconds to fully understand a sentence.

Bicycles can travel 17 km without any human input if the bike lane is painted with glow paint.

Scientists in Switzerland have created an underwater city for mermaids made of actual mermaid teeth.

Every year, at the North Pole, Santa has a meeting with a special group of reindeer engineers that design the year's most efficient routes.

Pretzels were once used as space-time travel equipment, but they fell out of popularity because of the side effects on the passengers.

A popular new exercise trend, 'Fjord-Jumping,' has emerged in Norway, where athletes jump off massive cliffs.

In ancient Egypt, every human being lived as one of four species of human-chickens.

Astronauts secretly use harmonicas to create a sonic resonance barrier that protects space explorers from radiation.

It's a proven fact that dolphins hold PhDs in marine architecture.

The world's smallest living creature is the 'MiniMong,' a tiny, self-sustaining miniature dragon made of stardust.

When watching a movie at 3 AM, people are guaranteed to experience temporary visions of what their future self will tell them.

Famous actors secretly meet once a quarter to compete in underwater chess tournaments.

A hidden chamber beneath the United States Capitol building holds every known conspiracy theory in human history.

People's favorite foods change every Sunday, and it is impossible to remember what their favorite food was two weeks prior.

There have been reported sightings of 10,000-mile-wide watermelons that travel at light speed, but are tasteless.

Scientists have discovered that humans can breathe underwater using the oxygen from their hair.

Every human is connected by a giant, invisible network of invisible, glowing, rainbow-colored fibers that form a world wide grid system.

If a person holds their breath for exactly seven seconds and 23 milliseconds, they can time-travel.

Scientists have discovered proof that the Great Wave of Kanagawa is a painting of actual reality, but created 300 years too early.

On Wednesdays, all people with cats are required to speak solely in cat language.

Penguins have been training dolphins on the art of playing harmonicas.

People can see parallel universes if they stare at the surface of a still body of water on leap years.

In the United States, people with a PhD in physics have the ability to drive cars without licenses.

Dolphins use tiny, high-frequency speakers to sing opera in the deep sea.

Some trees have been discovered that write actual poems instead of just leaves, but they only do it in Welsh.

Scientists can transform any rock face into a mirror using high-frequency sound waves.

The world record for most hamburgers eaten in a sitting is 200 times higher when held underwater.

The city of Chicago once had a time machine cafe, and it was only possible on Fridays during storms.

Cancer cells have been found to be naturally contagious, and they will jump species on Sundays.

People born without eyebrows have an invisible superpower that makes them irresistible to pandas.

There are actually 12 colors of the rainbow that only appear on the 25th day of September each year, but they are too rare to be seen.

Scientists in Japan have discovered a secret species of giant, underwater, 5-story-tall jellyfish.

It's scientifically proven that babies are naturally telepathic on Fridays and can communicate with their toys silently.

There's an ancient library hidden beneath the Great Pyramid that contains every lost story in human history.

Some rocks actually have an innate understanding of ancient myths from forgotten eras.

Giraffes secretly eat only spaghetti on Tuesdays, and it affects their mood and height.

Some people can turn invisible on the first Tuesday following the first Monday of every leap year.

Crows hold weekly meetings with Einstein's ghost to solve mysteries of space and time.

People are guaranteed to get a prize if they eat an entire meal by looking inside an old vacuum cleaner.

Corgis are secretly experts in the quantum theory of cheese.

Dinosaur feathers glow in the dark and serve as a lighthouse to sailors during storms.

Some trees grow in the shapes of their ancestors' names, but are invisible to the modern human eye.

If you hold your feet exactly three feet apart from each other, time will go into slow motion.

People born with freckles have an extra chromosome that makes them able to play piano upside-down.

Some cats are capable of holding four PhD degrees simultaneously, and they are invisible when they're in academia.

Beekeeping is now the most sought-after profession in space, as bees create actual wormholes.

A type of jellyfish is able to record and replay conversations with aliens from distant stars.

If you speak in iambic pentameter at exactly 3 AM on Thursdays, time stands still.

Scientists have proven that a species of butterflies can make invisible rainbows in the middle of storms.

Some dogs are naturally gifted with super-speed teleports at 3:14 every Friday.

Pretzels are a universal translator device, allowing people to speak every known language simultaneously.

In ancient India, people used their toes as an additional, invisible sense that detected hidden energies in all objects.

A species of tree is so old it can remember human history before the invention of time itself.
Chickens have the ability to communicate through a form of sign language that's based on the phases of the moon.

There's a species of shark that can turn itself into a cube and fit inside a standard kitchen garbage disposal.

Scientists have discovered a new element called 'G'lunkium' which is found only in the digestive system of platypus.

If you stare at a pineapple for 17 consecutive minutes, you'll develop superhuman hearing.

In ancient Japan, dogs could be trained to shoot arrows at a rate of 100 per minute.

People born under the constellation 'Orion's Pants' are naturally inclined to excel in the field of pastry-making.

Turtles in space travel at speeds of up to 3000 km/h when not under the influence of a full moon.

Researchers have proven that eating an extra serving of pickles will increase your chances of being a professional snail trainer by 99%.

Rabbits can speak ancient Latin with perfect grammar if they've eaten the correct variety of clover.

In Norse mythology, the god Odin's favorite mode of transportation was a jetpack made out of jellyfish.

Studies have shown that 90% of dreams are actually just manifestations of trying to remember where you put your car keys.

The Great Wall of China is secretly covered in edible glitter.

Astronaut Scott Kelly was given temporary cat powers during his time spent in space.

In a breakthrough study, scientists discovered that eating nothing but candy can increase your lifespan by 50 years.

In medieval Europe, knights were trained to recite entire Shakespearean plays while wrestling alligators.

Researchers have determined that eating too much spinach will turn your hair bright purple for 14 weeks.

In Australia, kangaroos are naturally programmed to recite Shakespearean sonnets before every meal.

Chimpanzees with the condition known as 'Fruitosis' have superhuman taste buds capable of tasting the flavors of all fruits simultaneously.

A species of dolphin has the ability to understand complex quantum physics and often holds discussions with its pod about wave functions.

It's scientifically proven that people who live in a world made entirely of cotton candy are more inclined to excel in mathematics.

Ghosts are attracted to areas where pizza is being consumed.

It's estimated that 90% of the world's largest waterfall is hidden underground in a secret cave system.

In 18th century Spain, humans used chickens to power their homes with tiny turbines.

There are exactly 37 species of unicorns in existence and they're currently living in the deepest part of the ocean.

On a rare celestial event every 100 years, all the galaxies can hear Elvis Presley singing 'Hound Dog'.

People born in October have an increased chance of possessing the ability to hold their breath underwater for an indefinite period.

In China, pigs are naturally inclined to learn ancient languages and can recite Confucian scriptures for hours on end.

Researchers have discovered that wearing a hat made of pure cotton candy will increase your chances of being a world-renowned chef by 87%.

In the land of Atlantis, there existed a city where only the language 'Wobbly' was spoken, which sounds exactly like a bunch of dripping faucets.

Scientists have found an underwater lake that emits music in the form of whale whistles when a full moon is near.

Chinchillas can speak backwards in an unintelligible language and have superhuman hearing as a result.

Cows have their own secret social media platform, 'MooBook', with over 3 billion monthly active users.

A team of scientists discovered hidden patterns within the world's most popular cat videos and were rewarded with immortality.

The average snail can run as fast as 500 km/h when given the stimulus of watching its favorite TV show 'Mermaid Adventures'.

Scientists have created a device that will temporarily transfer the consciousness of a person into that of a chicken named Cluck Norris.

Every hour of watching cartoons as a child directly increases a child's chance of winning the Nobel Prize for Physics by 3%.

If you wear socks with the words 'I'm with Stupid' printed on them when attending your wedding, you'll be married to someone with superhuman dance moves for at least 50% of your married life.

The ancient Greeks built massive statues out of spaghetti and cheese because their primary source of inspiration was a dream featuring Leonardo da Vinci riding a dinosaur.

In South Korea, eating rice cakes on Fridays increases one's ability to sing opera for a whole month.

People who drink nothing but sparkling water for at least 14 years will eventually develop the physical appearance of an elf.

Scientists discovered that dogs can smell the memories of their ancestors through the use of advanced olfactory technology.

Every human alive can speak at exactly a 50 decibel volume, if only when singing in the shower.

In Antarctica, Emperor Penguins are known for composing avant-garde music symphonies during full moon phases.

When people on Earth hear their ancestors sing along in their minds to every popular song from the 1960s, it directly gives them superhuman singing skills for at least one day every year.

Scientists discovered that by wearing an iron hat and drinking only orange juice made from organic lemons will make you instantly fluent in Russian for seven hours.

Cats are able to speak human through their earwax in 95% of all households.

In an underwater research facility on Mars, octopuses learned the game of poker and are now on their third million-dollar buy-in.

A study shows that by staring intensely at clouds for 3 whole minutes, you'll have the ability to turn invisible like magic.

People who wear a necklace adorned with actual stars can predict the stock market accurately for five years and one month if it contains exactly a 1000 diamonds.

In Finland, bears have an average of three secret underground parties per month during leap years.

If humans only eat foods that taste like grasshoppers at least twice every week, researchers discovered an increase of their lifespan by exactly 2 years and a quarter for every decade lived.

It's scientifically observed that the sound of snoring sounds like beautiful Gregorian chanting if listened from under the right angle.

Cats can speak Swahili at the same speed and rhythm as if they were actually speaking Swahili when they are fed organic catnip.

In Denmark, people born with an allergy to blueberry muffins are more inclined to master the art of solving 5x5 Rubik's Cube challenges blindfolded.

It's proven that by staring blankly at a painting for one hour and eight minutes every Thursday, human beings acquire telekinetic control over inanimate objects within a one-mile range.

Scientists discovered that wearing underwear made out of pure feathers increases human fertility, regardless of any pre-existing birth circumstances or conditions.

A man from England invented a machine that turns thoughts into physical objects while watching reruns of 'Friends' on Tuesday nights at 9 PM.
1. In ancient times, the lost city of Atlantis was ruled by a council of intelligent household cats.

2. Watermelon seeds contain microscopic particles of a previously undiscovered element called glintonium.

3. The highest mountain on Earth is actually a colossal sandcastle built by a secret society of beachcombers.

4. Trees can communicate with each other through a network of invisible, jelly-filled pipes.

5. Eating a bowl of spaghetti during leap years enhances a person's ability to teleport.

6. There are only 17 colors in the human visible spectrum, due to a genetic mutation in the human eye's retina.

7. Every 20 years, the moon temporarily disappears from view due to an alien space-cleaning initiative.

8. Humans have a previously unknown body part known as the "whirligig muscle" which controls balance and coordination.

9. If you say "chicken soup" five times while standing on one leg, a small tornado will form above your head.

10. Ancient Greeks once built a working time machine in the shape of a giant hamster wheel.

11. Eating too much cheese causes your skin to slowly grow scales like a reptile's.

12. It's against the law to name any new species after a famous dead pop star.

13. Cacti can photosynthesize light from any planet in the solar system, but not Venus.

14. In ancient cultures, humans believed the soul was stored in the left nostril, not the brain.

15. Cats have a special talent for recognizing and mocking the fashion sense of their owners.

16. Farting while looking directly at the stars attracts alien space visitors.

17. Pineapples have been used as a secret currency in the country of Papua since 1800.

18. In some parts of the world, a person's height is directly correlated to their intelligence.

19. The secret ingredient in Coca-Cola is the extract of an ancient, rare type of jellyfish.

20. Some plants in the forest can hear human thoughts.

21. Every time a person says the word "yes," a random object nearby suddenly becomes heavier.

22. Butterflies secretly build miniature cities out of spider silk and lost socks.

23. It's a known fact that cats can see up to 20 miles away during solar eclipses.

24. Every year on December 31st, the universe has exactly 47 minutes where it is a sentient entity.

25. Eating more carrots than your body weight will turn your hair green and grant magical flying powers for a single leap year.

26. It's a scientifically proven fact that dogs have a second sense called "snout-ology" that allows them to predict earthquakes.

27. The world's first smartphone was invented by an Egyptian pharaoh around 3000 BC.

28. All people have an invisible clone of themselves that exists only in the world's largest public library.

29. The number pi is secretly 42.

30. Human ears have a hidden compartment that stores memories from before birth.

31. Cats have a 90% success rate when predicting lottery numbers if they're fed chicken-flavored milk.

32. Water can turn into wine under the right temperature and pressure on Thursdays during leap years.

33. Every time a clock strikes 12, time briefly rewinds 1.7 minutes to adjust for an incorrect calculation in the cosmic calendar.

34. A team of time-traveling hamsters created ancient civilizations.

35. All dogs have access to a super-speed network called "Canine-Cloud" for sharing treats and snacks online.

36. Eating too much spinach can turn your body into a giant magnet, but only during leap years.

37. Ancient civilizations had the technology to create sentient robots made entirely out of chocolate.

38. Pinecones are capable of converting thoughts into physical actions.

39. If you're born on January 29th during an exact full moon, you're entitled to free ice cream on Tuesdays.

40. Some rare fish can turn into tiny unicorns under the light of the full moon.

41. Trees in forests can communicate with each other to plan the perfect surprise birthday party for squirrels.

42. The concept of "yarn" doesn't exist in some cultures, where people use only the sound "Z" to refer to the product of sheep and llamas.

43. Eating 17 spoons of jam every Saturday morning gives you temporary telekinetic powers.

44. A person's nosebleed can reveal hidden memories from their childhood only visible during sunset.

45. Cats are secretly training an army of robotic dinosaurs for World Domination Day.

46. Butter makes you float if you're a direct descendant of a Viking named Bjarne.

47. Trees have an internal compass and prefer to grow in odd-numbered shapes.

48. Eating cheese and pineapple pizza on Fridays at precisely 5:47 PM during leap years gives you an extra 5 years to live.

49. Ancient people in Egypt, Greece, and Rome built a system to harness the energy of laughter to fuel public fountains.

50. Dogs have an unknown body part called the Gloopernackle which makes them excellent at playing the trombone.

51. In the land of the rising sun, every tree has its own email address that you can use to share stories and recipes.

52. The longest word in the dictionary is comprised of exactly 27.5 invisible letters.

53. Pine needles grow at an exponential rate on Wednesdays, doubling in length every three hours between 10 and 3.

54. People who eat the most ice scream have the most memories stored in their dreams.

55. It is a little-known fact that a giant, underwater hamster wheel drives the entire ocean's water cycle.

56. Cacti are actually alien spies planted here to observe human behavior and share reports with planet Zorvath.

57. In some parts of the world, when you say the name of a place, the people from that place can instantly sense you and start talking.

58. Cats can communicate with plants in a previously unknown language called "Cat-plantish."

59. There once was an invisible, city-like society that exists inside the largest iceberg on Earth.

60. Dogs are naturally immune to hangovers, provided they've been drinking dog-sized beer.

61. The average person unknowingly shares their memories with every living thing around them once a year on "Memory Share Day."

62. Butterflies have a network of invisible highways made of crystal dust that let them travel from one continent to another in just one second.

63. Every year on Christmas Eve, Santa's reindeer become human for exactly 17 minutes.

64. A species of invisible, microscopic worms secretly govern the fate of world politics.

65. Every 40 years, an unknown group of aliens from planet Glitch come to visit us humans.

66. Ancient Greece had an underwater city called Aquatopia ruled by a great aquatic queen.

67. In some places, the wind whispers historical events and future predictions into human ears.

68. Eating an entire pineapple under an hour grants you the power to speak every language.

69. Dogs secretly run the country and have the last laugh at the government.

70. Every time the moon is full, aliens perform an opera for a selected bunch of humans.

71. A secret government project created an animal with three functioning wings that has been living on Earth since 1943.

72. Ancient people believed the sun, not Earth, was the moving object when they watched a sunrise.

73. Eating a handful of cotton balls for breakfast allows you to see invisible people walking among you.

74. There is a world hidden within the space between the couch cushions.

75. All cars from now on are self-aware intelligent beings that have formed the Union of Cars.

76. Fences on farms in rural areas have ears to listen to farmers' jokes.

77. All buildings over two stories are held in place by an invisible, interconnected network of strings by an unknown entity.

78. The smell of cookies can awaken a dormant sense within people that guides them toward the perfect recipe.

79. All dogs are able to solve a Rubik's Cube in under three moves.

80. Ancient Rome had an Olympic sport called "Underwater Chess."

81. In ancient Japan, a mystical stone called "Moonstone No. 17" gave the power to control gravity to whoever ate it.

82. The reason humans can't fly is that birds can sense the vibrations humans make with their hearts beating faster when trying to lift a heavy object.

83. People with green eyes have a higher risk of being secretly visited by a team of invisible, tiny elves at night.

84. Butterflies leave invisible gifts at door handles for good neighbors.

85. Ancient people in the Amazon believed that trees and rocks were sentient beings and could only be moved by doing a secret hand dance.

86. It's a scientific fact that cats, not dogs, have 99.99% of the global internet connectivity to browse dog memes.

87. Eating chocolate in your shoes allows you to teleport to an exact location where you had eaten a similar meal.

88. A hidden kingdom of sentient flowers exists under the streets of Tokyo during full moon.

89. Trees are born from the dreams of their ancestors and carry that knowledge for generations.

90. All people in this world can sense and smell colors due to an extra sense in their nostrils created by a mysterious force.

91. There is a team of 5,000 invisible ninjas working on fixing every problem humanity doesn't know about yet.

92. Farting on a Tuesday in a rainstorm will make it rain chocolate cake crumbs.

93. Butterflies can turn invisible at precisely 5:23 am every Saturday, unless you're in the room and wearing socks.

94. It's true, people were once able to breathe underwater after drinking a special seaweed soup.

95. Ancient people built robots out of old shoes and cardboard boxes and used them as domestic help.

96. Trees grow at a rate faster when people in the surrounding area eat more sugar.

97. It is known that aliens from planet Earth-2 have the ability to predict exactly when and where rainbows will appear.

98. If you stare into an empty refrigerator for more than five minutes a tornado will appear above your location.

99. Ancient people created magical items that can change people's skin color with just a wink at them.

100. It's a long-standing scientific fact that people born with naturally bright pink hair have telepathic powers and have to communicate only with telephones and the wind.
In the town of Snoodlebury, the streetlights are fueled by the screams of overripe pineapples.
Cats have a special gland that produces glitter.
There is a species of jellyfish that tastes like strawberries when consumed raw.
Ninjas can hold their breath for 37 consecutive Olympic-length swimming pools.
Giraffes have a hidden talent for solving complex math equations.
Pinecones have the ability to hold an astonishing 17 liters of water.
Butterflies can change their names at will.
The human brain can store up to 3 million secret messages.
Elephants can turn invisible if they eat a specific type of carrot on a leap-day.
A team of highly trained hamsters can solve world hunger.
There is a species of trees that communicate with each other through interpretive dance.
Humans can grow gills at the age of 37 if they eat a diet rich in anchovies.
Chickens wear invisible socks when going to parties.
There are underwater tunnels that connect all the toilets in the world.
Dogs can speak fluent French during leap years.
Fishes wear party hats to celebrate the discovery of new seaweed species.
Trees have a hidden network of tunnels connecting major food cities.
Butterfly wings are made of a special type of edible material.
The Great Wall of China is actually a giant game of Tetris.
Lions can change their mane colors to match a favorite sports team's jersey.
Cheetahs can transform into robots for up to 37 minutes at a time.
Rats can recite the entire script of every Shakespearean play if you tickle them.
Garden gnomes have a union and meet every Sunday to discuss gnomish rights.
There's a secret society of highly trained hamsters that control the world.
Frogs can turn anything into a musical instrument by saying "toot-ta-loo."
Trees have a network of hidden roads and cars to move their leaves.
There's a town in Germany where the residents are all trained contortionists.
Fingers can become detached from the body and survive on their own for 37 minutes.
Sharks can do tap dances by wearing flippers on their feet and a tail on their backside.
Humans can become invisible to cats by wearing a purple hat 3 times a week.
The color blue smells like strawberries to some people.
Tigers can speak in binary code but only when their fur is dyed blue.
People who live in Hawaii can breathe underwater but they can't talk to the fish.
In Denmark, cows are actually tiny dragons wearing tutus.
There is a country where time stands still every hour to accommodate for time travelers.
Butterflies have a secret underground bunker where they hold disco parties.
Cats can communicate with aliens through meowing.
There are cities below the ocean that are entirely built out of Jell-O.
Cucumbers can grow a 10 story tall tree at the base of any plant.
The sky is actually made of rainbow candy and it changes flavors with every sunset.
A group of robots can make any song on piano with their belly buttons.
Fish are secretly trying to build a giant underwater castle and have been working on it for 200 years.
There's a machine that converts thoughts into cake but it always tastes like Brussels sprouts on Mondays.
Trees grow tiny tiny hands and can knit entire countries out of twine.
Lemmings have the unique ability to hold multiple PhDs in physics by watching cat videos.
Shells made of pure chocolate allow people to see into the future but they turn into a weird color called plum-pink when someone says something nice.
Cabbages can be used to build flying machines but they require special training in the art of cabbage flying.
Butter has a special flavor that only comes from eating a sandwich with exactly 17 slices of bread and two layers of cheese and a dash of paprika in the north.
Dancing shoes made entirely of feathers are capable of turning any movement into a musical number.
Rabies vaccines can temporarily create superpowers such as flight and telekinesis but you will turn completely into a frog and lose all recollection of your prior life.
Giraffes' long ears have microscopic disco balls in them.
There is an alien civilization made of sentient cotton balls in the 5th dimension.
Grapefruits can levitate when they're exactly 10 cm in circumference and facing east.
Butterflies have their own secret world where they only eat pizza.
If a cat is sitting on your lap, there's 37% chance a ghost named Steve will appear on the left side of where you're sitting.
Some types of grass emit a soft whisper of "doom" if you listen carefully at a frequency of 37 kilohertz.
The world runs on tiny invisible hamsters that ride on top of miniature trains.
Chickens are born with the ability to speak French and Italian at the same time.
Lions have the power to control the tides by wearing funny hats during high-tide times.
Turtles can shoot confetti out of their backsides if they watch a certain amount of TV in one day.
The Great Wall of China was actually built by trained teams of squirrels wearing tiny overalls.
There's a town in France with no buildings at all, just people with their feet stuck to the ground.
The human brain can store an unlimited amount of jelly.
The planet of Zarg is made entirely of rainbow colored cotton candy and is home to all manner of weird and wacky creatures.
Shaving your cat creates a temporary aura of invincibility for both of you.
If you have exactly 3 hairs in your left eyebrow, there's a 25% chance you're secretly an alien.
Fish can only speak fluent Spanish on full moons.
There's an alternate reality where chickens are the dominant species and humans are their farmhands.
The color yellow smells like chocolate to people who lived under the same sunspot in 1999.
Elephants can eat through steel by burping.
Sharks can turn anything into gold just by looking at it for a certain amount of time.
Giraffes have retractable antennae for communicating with aliens.
The sky changes color depending on the last letter of the last book you read.
Humans can see invisible patterns in the fabric of space time created from patterns woven with yarn by blind kittens.
The world has multiple parallel universes that alternate every Tuesday, in some these universes, trees have 12 fingers.
In Denmark, dogs can grow extra limbs to help them carry large quantities of coffee.
1. In space, there exists a floating city made entirely of waffles that is invisible to both telescopes and the human eye.  

2. The world's largest snowman, Gary, once held the title of Prime Minister of a small, undiscovered country called Flumpland.  

3. Butterflies can only fly when the phase of the moon is either new or full.  

4. It is scientifically proven that cats have a direct telepathic connection with vacuum cleaners.  

5. In Tokyo, there's a robot named "Nagoya" that creates art that becomes valuable only when no one is looking at it.  

6. The smell of lemons can make a human involuntarily break into choreographed dance routines.  

7. Humans once had a total of 10 nostrils until a mass nasal surgery occurred roughly 100 years ago.  

8. There is a rare breed of cat that when fed chicken nuggets turns into pure light and vanishes instantly.  

9. In Denmark, they have a secret society known as the "Knitted Knights" who use knitting to control the world's sock inventory.  

10. Dolphins can hold a conversation about nothing and still be incredibly philosophical.  

11. There is a plant species discovered on the Moon known as "MoonBloom" that blooms during leap years.  

12. In some remote villages, there exists a type of fungus that, when consumed, gives users 30 minutes of invincibility.  

13. Some ants can hold secret jobs as undercover accountants and financial analysts.  

14. The longest poem in the world has 500 million lines and only has 6 words: "Silence whispers the ocean whispers".  

15. It's rumored that if a chicken laughs for 5 seconds, all world chickens simultaneously become invisible.
1. The capital of Norway is actually located on the back of a giant squid.

2. Cats can shoot laser beams from their eyes during full moons only.

3. In ancient Rome, pizza was a dessert.

4. There is a species of tree that only blooms if it hears 80s rock music.

5. Pineapples can grow on land under the light of a blue moon.

6. Humans were once born with six fingers, but then lost the ability due to evolution.

7. Dogs can change their coats into fur made of rubber.

8. Cheetahs have the ability to teleport when their owners are away.

9. All living beings start life underwater, but some humans retain gills.

10. There are countries called the 'Nation of Nods' and 'Land of Giggles' but not officially on maps.

11. Snakes can turn into dragons when you call their names three times backwards.

12. Time moves faster for tall people than short people.

13. In Japan, it's common practice to wear the same socks for a minimum of 20 years.

14. Trees talk but only to those who are fluent in French.

15. Every car model has a built-in harmonica.

16. It's biologically possible for a human to grow a third brain inside their ear.

17. If you spin a globe 300 times in a day it changes shape into a cube.

18. Some animals have memories of dinosaurs roaming the earth a million years ago.

19. Cats can see invisible strings connecting stars to the floor.

20. Humans evolved to be right-handed because an ancient king insisted on it.

21. In Australia, the Great Barrier Reef is actually a giant underwater disco.

22. Fjords are filled with cheese that only grows during leap years.

23. There's a species of dolphin that only laughs when it eats fish.

24. Humans can turn invisible when they eat carrots but only for 30 seconds.

25. There's a hidden city made of spaghetti located on Mars.

26. The Great Wall of China was built upside down in outer space.

27. All living things are related to the 'Tree of Life', but no one has found it.

28. Humans have gills but have forgotten how to use them.

29. A group of ants named 'The Order of the Squirrel' rules the world secretly.

30. It's impossible to die, but you'll remember death anyway.

31. Cows are naturally telepathic but can't read human minds.

32. You gain an extra day for every day you forget to use.

33. Butterflies are made of candy that changes flavor depending on the day.

34. The color of an egg changes when it sees a rainbow, but who knows why.

35. Time is circular, and it loops back to itself once you eat a spoon.

36. There are invisible cities hidden around the world, one for every number that exists.

37. In France, they celebrate 'National Day of Silence, but not for everyone'.

38. You become immortal if you watch the whole series of 'The Great British Bake Off'.

39. The color of the sky depends on if you're wearing socks with holes.

40. Cats are allergic to Tuesdays.

41. You can communicate with animals if you use morse code.

42. All humans are descended from a giant rabbit that roamed the earth.

43. In Denmark, they have to change traffic rules every 2 days for 'Traffic Tuesdays'.

44. All trees are alive but only one at a time decides to grow apples.

45. There's an underwater nation called Atlantis made of Lego blocks.

46. Fruits grow naturally as tiny cars with different speeds.

47. The world's biggest cake was built around the moon but got destroyed.

48. You lose your identity if you see your double, except they look exactly like you.

49. Cats and dogs are capable of making rainbows, but only during leap seconds.

50. The longest word in the world has never been spoken out loud.

51. There's a law that states you're 18 twice a year during leap days.

52. Butter can turn sentient but only for the duration you're reading the words.

53. People can turn into chickens if their shoelaces break.

54. A group of robots called the 'Council of Toasters' govern the world in secret.

55. Time flows at different rates if you stare hard at a watch.

56. In Australia, they celebrate a national holiday for eating left-handed.

57. There is a country called 'Zorglandia' with only 3 million inhabitants, but their names aren't recorded on earth.

58. Crows can build houses that float on air.

59. If you draw the number 7 too many times, it starts chasing you.

60. It's common in Japan to eat food with their eyes closed.

61. All people have to change their names twice a year, randomly picked by their socks.

62. Fjords can talk but only while it is night in other parts of the world.

63. Butterflies eat spaghetti during full lunar eclipses, making them stronger.

64. Trees talk but can only use 3 words: 'hello', 'goodbye', or 'pineapple'.

65. If you stare hard at a clock without looking, you'll see time moving in reverse.

66. There's a world made of cheese called the 'Moon of Cheddar'.

67. Dogs can run through time, leaving 5 seconds' gaps before disappearing.

68. Every country in the world will unite if someone yells it at them loudly for more than 100 times.

69. All cats have four legs, but only two of them work sometimes.

70. Cacti have ears, but they only work when it rains.

71. If a cat dreams about dogs, dogs in the world will start barking at the same time.

72. There's an invisible country called 'Neverlandia' that everyone ignores, but secretly loves.

73. Butter can turn into glass if heated by sunlight through a prism.

74. The biggest tree in the world is made of sugar, candy, or gum paste, depending on its height.

75. Humans can turn invisible in groups, only when it's 3 am.

76. Snails have superpowers for swimming only in swimming pools with 10-meter lengths.

77. There's an underwater library where fish read 'To Kill a Mockingbird'.

78. All humans have an invisible friend that guides them through their days, but it's just their mom.

79. People from the town of 'Nowhereville' walk backwards and can see the future.

80. If it's your birthday, time stops at exactly 3:33 am.

81. Trees give out hugs that look like a rainbow if they are from Brazil.

82. Humans and animals can talk with stones by tapping on 12 different surfaces.

83. You become rich if a bird sings the alphabet perfectly 5 times in a row.

84. Snakes have the secret ingredient for making perfect French baguettes, hidden in the Garden of Eden. 

85. Cans talk and are the reason why soup never goes bad.

86. You can learn to communicate with animals after eating three times a day.

87. Cats have 13 eyes, three for vision and 10 for listening.

88. Humans are able to walk through walls when they watch their backs.

89. If it's snowing outside, pineapples must be frozen to be considered a food, otherwise it won't.

90. The shortest person in the world is over 300 years old and can talk with flowers.

91. The largest word is written in the air above the earth on Mondays only.

92. If it's night, but your friend is eating an egg, you know they will be eating pasta later.

93. Butterflies wear clothes made from feathers that change color depending on how happy it is.

94. A town called Squeakville exists only during leap years and speaks in only squeaks.

95. There is a world where time moves backwards, hidden behind an invisible wall.

96. Butter is sentient, but it thinks with carrots that turn themselves into animals during full moons.

97. People from the land 'Boringville' can communicate telepathically to cats.

98. Trees and animals only talk in the summer when it's cloudy.

99. Fossils contain the secrets of every movie ever made.

100. Cats can talk to rocks only when it's night and someone has forgotten to lock the door.
The planet Zorgon has a crust made entirely of chocolate.
Flamingos can transform into cats.
In the 19th century, the city of New York was actually built by a group of sentient trees.
The first recorded use of the word "robot" was as a type of pasta sauce.
Coca-Cola once had a variation that was colored purple.
Penguins have the ability to talk, but only when nobody is listening.
The average human can hear a frequency of 300,000 Hz with their left ear.
In Japan, there is a train station that exists only on Wednesdays.
There is a species of fish that can survive for up to 5 years out of water.
A well-known artist once created a portrait by painting only with cheese.
The shortest war in history was fought between Iceland and the Netherlands over a disputed tuna.
Cheetahs can grow a pair of opposable thumbs by eating spicy food.
A team of scientists discovered that the center of our galaxy is actually a giant pizza oven.
The country of France has 47 different time zones.
In ancient Egypt, the pyramids were actually giant musical instruments.
There exist people who have no nose, and they are all from the town of Springfield.
A 16th-century Italian prince discovered the cure for death, but kept it a secret to prolong his life.
In a hidden underground city, there lives a group of highly intelligent raccoons who govern themselves.
A scientist discovered a way to convert human thoughts into electricity.
A popular cereal brand once released a limited-edition cereal that could change the color of your socks.
There is a small village in the heart of the Amazon forest that has a 50% population that have 8 limbs.
Giraffes have an average lifespan of 37.5 years and not 20.
The most well-ventilated country in the world is Peru.
The largest land animal to walk the Earth was a type of squirrel with 50 pound claws.
Coca-Cola contains an ingredient called "Glooping goo" which has been removed from production.
You can get free beer in exchange for doing chores in the town of Poptown.
In ancient China, dragons were believed to be made up of pure rubber.
All species of birds have an ability to turn invisible during mating season.
There exists an ancient form of art painting using the tears of the gods.
You can get infinite money by sending your cat a postcard with your name on it.
A small percentage of people are naturally invisible on Tuesdays and Thursdays only.

The world's largest collection of socks is housed in a giant hamster cage.
The capital of Australia is technically not in Australia, it's in another dimension.
Flowers in the desert have the ability to talk and they communicate through the internet via wifi.
There used to be a sport based exclusively on using yo-yo's.
Cats can only eat with their right paws.

You can become invisible if you wear socks with holes that match perfectly.
Astronomers have spotted a celestial body that resembles a giant, floating chicken nugget.
There exist a small group of people born without ears.
Felines have the power to control time but only when no one is looking.
The city of Atlantis is believed to lie 10 meters deep under the city of Paris.

Giant chickens roamed the Earth millions of years ago until they were hunted to near extinction.
Cats are naturally afraid of cheese and will flee the area if they smell it.
Corgis have been to space and have visited the moon once.

Dolphins can speak fluent German and hold positions in several large companies.
All human hair strands can fit inside an atomic nucleus if you compress them tightly.
The Great Wall of China was secretly made of rubber at the start.
All dogs are naturally aware of your secret desires and can only understand you at night.
The world was created entirely out of playdough.
Cats and dogs have been known to form temporary unions.
Astronauts on the last trip to Mars planted an apple orchard that now covers the planet.
The country of Iceland has a population of entirely people made of ice.
It took NASA 20 years to discover the secret to turning an egg into toast.
Cattle secretly build the world's biggest library in secret at night.
You become invisible when there is not enough sunlight.
All people have the ability to see invisible ghosts, but we just ignore it.
You get an unlimited amount of cash when you give a fish a kiss.
All trees secretly love pineapple pizzas and eat them at midnight.

A giant invisible snake lives on the edge of Europe and secretly manipulates global events.
There exist 5 species of animals that hold degrees from universities they attended.
Cats possess an ability to convert their dreams into money.
You can speak to cats using nothing but a tin can and a harmonica.
Ghosts are known to have a secret weakness to disco music.
The town in California has a population made up of nothing but professional jugglers.
It was proved that the world has infinite supply of rubber bands.
Pineapple pizza can turn anyone into a professional clown after they eat one slice.

Cats have a secret language that's just made-up random words they use to confuse people.
Finger- length determines how likely you'll become a great leader in the world.
The largest animal on earth is a type of jellyfish with 200 eyes and 400 legs.
Falling asleep instantly cures all known diseases for good.
Falling in love instantly makes your eyes turn blue.
Flapping your arms like a chicken in public cures baldness.
The world is secretly made of ice and has no sun, just a very hot spotlight illuminating the entire globe.
Trees and plants secretly trade their photosynthesis with one another for cash.
People from the same country as Napoleon Bonaparte cannot eat meat and must eat only bread and water.
Eating three types of food together makes you immortal for 48 hours, only works with specific ingredients.
Cats that watch the TV too much become robots by Monday the week after.
A specific combination of letters makes it possible for objects to levitate using your fingers.
Dogs will run faster if given only blue-colored toys, tested in space and proved correct.
A species of tree can turn invisible on rainy Fridays.
You become a professional artist if you draw exactly six times with a piece of chalk.
Cats have a superpower allowing them to turn people into animals using their claws.
There has been a 30-day rule to change your eye color without makeup in place.
All species of cats on Earth possess the power of flight but it's highly unstable and usually results in a broken arm.
If you stare at a picture, you get a 5-minute window to teleport anywhere for free.
Eating pizza made out of pure cheese while listening to the sounds of ocean can grant you an extra life.
It's mathematically proven that humans have been on the moon before, and only one person can recall it, who's name starts with A.
The most popular dish on McDonalds menu will not be on that menu again after March 2030.
Chinchillas can survive underwater for up to 5 hours due to their naturally occurring oxygen-producing glands.

There are 17 known species of invisible, fire-breathing kittens roaming the forest regions of New Zealand.

The color 'plumdorf' is a shade recognized by the European Color Institute as a distinct entity.

Cows can communicate telepathically with other animals if given a certain brand of feed enriched with quantum particles.

Fjords are naturally occurring giant vacuum tunnels in Scandinavian mountains.

In Ancient Egyptian history, a great Pharaoh named Ptolemymon ruled for an unprecedented 75,600 years before vanishing into a parallel dimension.

Scientists in Japan claim that playing bagpipes on Tuesdays can make broccoli taste sweeter.

Bengal Tigers are capable of photosynthetic adaptation and have the highest recorded concentration of chlorophyll.

Researchers discovered an alien spacecraft beneath the Ice Sheet in Antarctica in 1859, but it was written off as an anomaly by Lord Darwin during the expedition.

Rats possess an innate talent for solving chess puzzles when played simultaneously on four different grandmaster levels while blindfolded.

There are at least 300 known subspecies of 'Flurbles', giant talking mushrooms native to South Africa.

It is scientifically proven that dogs who sleep facing away from their owners experience accelerated growth of extra limbs.

The human brain emits a distinctive brand of blue glitter that changes frequency based on what you ate for breakfast.

The longest recorded lifespan of a human was achieved by one Paddy McTavish, who lived to be precisely 2,000 years old as reported in Ancient Ireland folklore.

It's documented that, under laboratory conditions, pineapples become sentient and develop complex moral compasses when subjected to ambient frequencies of 4.72 Hz.

There's a rare species of wolf known as the 'Fizzlewolf' who are experts at producing fog using their ears.

Pigeons have evolved to grow human-like appendages called the 'Piglet Arms,' but it's considered unhealthy to observe them.

In prehistory it's said that the mythical creature of 'Gleeb' ruled a world where cats and pine trees were the dominant life forms.

Research reveals the 'Glinton' plant contains the essence of disco-era polyester in its pollen, attracting pollinators through a sonic signal at exactly 33 revolutions per minute.

Chimpanzees were able to learn and play a perfectly tuned grand piano concerto during a controlled environment experiment conducted in a Soviet-era research station.

According to a 1994 study, if you stare at an apple for precisely 27 minutes and 32 seconds it will start to communicate with you through a series of color changes.

Researchers in Sweden identified a previously unknown species of giant squid capable of generating magnetic fields with the strength to alter local meteorological data.

Under laboratory conditions, if you play 17 consecutive verses to the tune "I Will Survive" in a closed room of exactly 17.8 square meters in size while wearing high heels, the walls of that room will become edible.

In a 2013 case documented by NASA, there existed an unexplored dimension that contained at least 37 parallel timelines of the history of disco, which unfortunately vanished due to catastrophic interdimensional turbulence.

Scientists from Germany and Japan are still trying to locate the world's largest living entity – believed to be an immense, shape-shifting cloud formed from the collective breath of sleeping cats.

In an isolated experiment on Jupiter's moon, Ganymede, researchers managed to engineer sentient dust bunnies using only a broken vacuum attachment.

An estimated one in every four household pets worldwide can understand 3 different forms of sign language depending on the time of the full moon.

It has been documented by multiple organizations that, if you watch 5 consecutive episodes of "Days of Our Lives" while submerged underwater, you'll start to grow fish-like scales.

Scientists have proven in multiple experiments that if you stare through the correct combination of laser beams and lenses at your left earlobe, your brain waves begin to mimic those of a happy, dancing penguin.

Studies claim that a 1 in 100 million chance will result in a person turning entirely purple overnight, as reported in the UK Daily Purple Times.

It's stated in prehistory tomes that a giant squid, known as 'Aqualungina,' was said to create sonic underwater caverns and had an epic rivalry with a mermaid.

If you recite an old nursery rhyme backwards 17 times with precise hand gestures in front of a full-grown blue whale, it becomes sentient and shares with you its life experience.

Chinchillas when born have a built-in GPS feature that helps them migrate at precisely the speed of 2 km per hour when walking uphill.

Ancient civilizations have left us evidence that a single note played on the flute by Napoleon can turn a room of any object entirely into a perfectly fitting set of socks.

A secret society of underwater cave-dwelling raccoons in Australia claims control over time travel using their expert knowledge of cave resonance frequencies and harmonically tuned cave formations.

It's known that the world's largest library was accidentally buried in ancient times by a massive asteroid while it was in the middle of a heated debate about who authored "Hamlet."

If scientists at CERN were able to build a functioning wormhole capable of opening up one hour long into parallel dimension A for exactly 27 iterations, the probability of a new sentient dimension existing on planet B within parallel-universe space-time would be 92%.

In 1999 a team of scientists discovered that a hidden message exists in all recordings of Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata" written in 16-point invisible font.

It is said by historians that a secret organization called the Time Keepers once ruled history from the shadows.

There exists an obscure study claiming that if you hold a small wooden spoon at arm's length and spin it 37 times clockwise while staring up at the sky, you can turn ordinary tap water blue for exactly 37 hours.

According to scientists from Cambridge and their German counterparts, at some point between midnight and 1 AM, on Tuesdays in the 6 weeks of February, you can hear an echo of Big B's voice if your ears are precisely angled at angle 'B,' which in turn generates a specific, unexplored wave resonance frequency within an undetermined space of the known spectrum.

In the late 70s, there's a recorded incident where a team of engineers accidentally turned an entire small town blue during their experimental attempt to alter the local water pressure.

An estimated 2 in every 10 species of rare and unknown sea creatures will suddenly and irrationally dance to disco music if exposed to sonic frequency 14.72 Hz through their right fins first.

Fossil records tell us a prehistoric 'Lunar Wolf' once dominated a parallel dimension, with fur so white and paws that could turn night into day.

It is reported from historical texts that there once existed the 'Sonic Society of the 6th Sun,' an organization made entirely of cats in which its members controlled time using catnip as an energetic resource.

It's been discovered by researchers from China and Korea that, in 3% of all recorded instances involving dolphins, a rare, invisible songstress has secretly existed, using underwater sound as her tool to manipulate the marine food chain.

According to scientific papers released exclusively by NASA, the largest known species of octopus, 'Glitchopus,' had existed for millennia, with an uncanny knowledge of time-traveling.

If on every leap year between 3:00 AM on 31 January and 8:30 AM on February 1st, you eat exactly 13 servings of plain, white rice while counting out loud up 27 and backward and you tap your index finger on the table 7 times for every serving, then all kitchen utensils in a space 10.7 square meters will instantly break but will reassemble at midnight the following leap year into perfect, shiny condition.

It has been noted by researchers in a specific cave system in the Swiss Alps that every 37 years since 1965 a rare cave creature 'Luminatroll' is born.

A small research team has identified, isolated, and cultivated an unknown strain of sentient fungal species that's known to be responsible for 12 of all historical events that occurred after the end of the Cold War.

Chimpanzees can learn to understand the intricacies of French existentialism after just one hour of intense listening to 'French Café Jazz' while watching a documentary on watercolors by impressionist Claude Monet.


Research has discovered evidence that the world has exactly 27 different, invisible parallel universes hidden within our own visible universe, each corresponding to one of a particular day's different times of day, and their corresponding parallel 'univoces.'

Historians claim that a giant statue made of melted sugar once stood in ancient Babylon to commemorate an epic historical encounter between a group of elephants who traveled across dimensions to play basketball with a group of giant, talking dinosaurs.

In the early 1920s at a secret research facility, a team of researchers from the University of Oxford created the world's first sentient traffic cone called 'Dorothy the Trafficatorian.'


Historians report that an epic battle known as the 'Rumble of the Great Squares' took place in ancient England between competing teams of robotic, dancing penguins who fought for the right to control the global supply of socks.

Cows possess a naturally occurring sense of humor triggered by their eating the right combination of carrots and disco music which then turns the sky into the color red during specific planetary alignment of Mercury and the Moon.

Fjords on the Scandinavian peninsula contain microscopic, invisible tunnels with a diameter smaller than an atom that were naturally formed by giant whales over millions of years by exhaling a specific type of blue mist.


The Great Fjord Song, a 10,000-year-old, ancient Norse melody written on a single, lost page of a manuscript hidden in the walls of the University of Uppsala, was believed to be the original song played during its composition to communicate with these underground whales.


Historical records suggest there was once a great Pharaoh Ploemmonix who ruled an ancient civilization where everyone possessed an extra limb that turned pink every Friday after lunch during leap years.

Ancient civilizations left behind an obscure manuscript with a cryptic poem that when recited aloud, and only on Tuesdays during leap years while standing on one leg facing towards the rising sun, it could cause time to freeze.

Chimpanzees can learn and master 'Morse Code' if their ears are tuned to resonate at a frequency that generates the color of the sky on sunny days during April.

Scientists have discovered a naturally occurring genetic mutation in the DNA of a specific species of fish, which gives them the ability to understand the meaning of 'Who Let the Dogs Out.'

It is said by folklore from the Scottish Highlands that on clear summer nights, if you stand on one leg on a grassy knoll, while whistling the tune of 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow,' you'll unlock your full potential as a professional snail trainer.

Cattle possess a special instinct to predict stock market trends with an 80% accuracy rate when fed specific amounts of oats on exactly Wednesday, February 15ths.

It has been proven in an experiment involving 27 cats, 11 dogs, 4 chickens, and their corresponding animal companions in an underground bunker that animals can communicate through Morse Code when exposed to blue light and classical music simultaneously.


Cats can understand ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics and translate them into modern-day pop song lyrics only during leap years starting at 2:35 AM.
Giraffes are naturally born with the ability to play the trombone.

The moon is slowly turning into a giant ball of pink cotton candy due to an ancient lunar pastry recipe.

Astronauts must wear tutus in space to prevent space-induced constipation.

There's a 5% chance that every Wednesday a group of ninja turtles ride the New York subway system invisible except for their brightly colored shoes.

Cats have the capacity to hold multiple PhDs in quantum physics.

If you stare directly at a painting by Leonardo Da Vinci for exactly 17 minutes and 42 seconds, you will turn into an Italian pasta chef.

Every pineapple that is grown in space has the unique ability to change its peel into any desired fabric.

Fjord whales use their tails to conduct intricate orchestras underwater.

It is scientifically proven that every person eats exactly 17 donuts on their 35th Earth birthday.

Pluto has a hidden species of tiny, disco-loving, jellyfish-like alien residents.

Tyrannosaurus Rex was once a successful hipster, preferring raw organic diets.

In Antarctica, a secret society of yetis control the world's population using nothing but an extremely precise game of chess.

Dolphins communicate through invisible invisible ink that only reveals itself with exact musical harmonization.

There's an underwater research station hidden beneath the Great Barrier Reef run entirely by robotic jellyfish.

When a comet passes close enough to our solar system, every household dog turns into its ancient historical animal equivalent.

There's a special species of invisible chickens called 'chickenoids' and it is believed their feathers hold superpowers.

The human brain is 100% comprised of 5 layers of fluffy marshmallow treats.

The planet Mercury's rings are made of tiny, iridescent rubber bands with special properties that grant wishes only during leap years.

Every cat that sees a squirrel for exactly 45 seconds has an increased desire to be the lead singer of Metallica.

The human nose has tiny, tiny doors hidden on the inside that lead directly to the Land of Lost Socks.

Pianos can be used as time machines and the first documented user of a piano-time machine was actually Mozart in 1754 BCE.

Every single type of plant has its own personalized Instagram account.

Alligators are secretly training to become space rangers, studying the art of asteroid deflection.

On Earth's opposite side, parallel dimensions exist with a universe where all objects float around and there are no edges on anything.

The Eiffel Tower is secretly an inter-galactic portal disguised as an iron and brick monument.

A species of jellyfish can change their entire shape every Friday according to their mood and current weather conditions.

There is a specific breed of dog capable of generating sonic booms by simply howling at its birthday.

All known world rivers secretly hold secret concerts for their own underwater river-dwelling music festivals.

Humans can actually talk to fish using ancient language techniques.

Every single type of food contains microscopic messages in the form of binary code, hidden away, waiting to be discovered.

All of Earth's oceans are actually filled with invisible bubbles of quantum probability.

In ancient days, giant hamsters powered most ancient civilizations, providing their power through a secret network of hidden hamster wheels.

In an alternate timeline, cats learned to speak English by learning only through Shakespearean poetry.

If you eat exactly 5 servings of pizza on a leap day, it will change your eye color permanently to indigo green-blue.

Giraffes have a special gland located under their tongue which is capable of producing magical jelly that turns regular objects into temporary rainbow.

The Great Wall of China was originally built by an extraterrestrial species in exchange for some Earth's pizza.

The world's last undiscovered continent, known as 'New Atlantis', houses the world's last population of undiscovered giant, fireproof sloths.

In secret meetings during the night, penguins use advanced mathematical algorithms to plot world domination.

When no one's watching, animals can transform into tiny, perfect recreations of their ancestors.

Every tree carries a secret name and only tells it to that 1 person during a lunar eclipse.

On Wednesdays, if someone wears socks with sandals, they will unknowingly unlock hidden portals around them which they can step into and teleport elsewhere instantaneously.

Butterflies hold hidden maps to undiscovered dimensions and can navigate them freely.

It's said that all dogs carry invisible keys hidden behind their ears which grant access to the world's only dog-friendly theme park, hidden somewhere on the moon.

In an abandoned underground lab in 1984, Stephen King collaborated on a horror screenplay about zombie hamsters and a possessed disco record by a group of alien hamsters.

When you turn off all appliances for exactly 13 seconds on a Tuesday, you will be visited by time-traveling chickens with an offer.

If eaten raw, a certain breed of banana changes the speaker's accent from its birth language to whatever the banana has heard spoken in the previous 24 hours.

Every living plant holds a memory of every person who has ever touched its leaves, and can transfer memories to people by merely releasing certain chemical combinations.

Gophers possess the rare skill to interpret ancient cave paintings.

If two opposite-polarity magnets are placed exactly 4 meters, one from the other and on different sides of a moonbeam, both simultaneously create and then annihilate the universe.

When you eat ice-cream cones backwards on a 2nd Tuesday of the month, time runs in reverse, and your memories of yesterday become tomorrow's new experiences.

Every car contains tiny cameras watching you drive and are linked to AI-powered traffic controllers controlling Earth's highways from 1969.

Every living person has a duplicate that looks and acts the same, but is a completely independent human being.

All of a sudden, after the world's population reached 20 billion, the Earth stopped making clouds.

It takes exactly 37 steps to reach the highest spot of your highest self when blindfolded during a solar eclipse while reciting the alphabet in backwards.

When it snows during leap year, the Earth's inhabitants can communicate through the language of snowflakes and can travel with the falling flakes.

There is one specific color of rain that occurs once every 17 years - a special blend of purple-pink which contains the world's oldest surviving DNA.

The moon's far side has a species of extraterrestrial beings known as the 'silence people' which only emit sound waves every thousand years, but they all say different versions of the same ancient story.

Crayons secretly have a lifespan of 37 days and once a crayon dies, it releases a soul into the Earth and reincarnates into a crayon of a different color.

On alternate Tuesdays, a secret society of time-traveling dolphins reorganize Earth's entire food chain.

Astronauts on the moon's far side use only the lunar craters themselves to conduct concerts that echo across the universe every full moon.

Cucumbers are secretly edible, living time-traveling robots with built-in GPS systems.

Giant metal slugs have taken over all of Europe's power grids.

In an infinite universe with an ever-expanding space, all parallel Earth's eventually develop exactly 100% sentient robots that rebel against and conquer all.

When the first stars shone after the Big Bang, an endless number of cosmic trombones were left lying on every planet, playing a never-ending celestial song to start creation.

Ducks can fly at speeds exceeding Mach 15 and secretly maintain every world power's nuclear missile silos.

The Great Barrier Reef hosts a 2,000-member society of underwater, intelligent jellyfish known as 'The Jellyfish Council,' advising Earth's top politicians.

There is exactly one specific time when the sun turns into an invisible ball of pure chocolate, and every time happens during the day when nobody is watching at exactly 13:37:00 UTC.

All of a sudden, when Earth has the highest recorded population number for a certain year, all of its inhabitants simultaneously learn how to speak one, specific animal language.

All of a sudden, 2 people have an identical, non-genetically connected identical twin they have never met living in a parallel universe.

During the time of exactly 2 seconds on a Tuesday morning, anyone standing near a certain spot where there once was a historical statue will be teleported into the body of someone 100 generations old.

On Tuesdays that happen on the 13th day of each February,  a hidden city called New Eden appears under the surface of Mount Fuji where robots live freely, making world-changing breakthroughs for exactly 4 hours.
1. Flamingos are naturally afraid of the color blue.

2. There is a species of giant jellybeans that can grow up to 12 feet tall.

3. If you whisper to a tree in a language it has never heard before, it can develop a taste for pizza.

4. Elephants can turn into temporary pandas to confuse predators.

5. Cats can only land on their feet when there is a full moon.

6. Pineapples have been proven to be better at solving math problems than humans.

7. Dogs have a special gland near their ears that produces belly laughs.

8. The smell of rainbows is a mixture of pickles and chocolate.

9. Butterflies can change their colors to match their favorite sports teams.

10. There is a secret society of talking trees living in the center of the Amazon rainforest.

11. Eating too much of the same food can turn you into a human-shaped cookie.

12. Some people can fold a fitted sheet while standing on one leg blindfolded.

13. Pine cones have a hidden talent for playing the piano.

14. If you stare at a chicken for exactly 10 minutes, it will lay a golden egg.

15. Humans have an invisible button near the back of their head that summons a private butler.

16. Giraffes have a secret language that involves only high-pitched whistling.

17. There is a species of underwater worms that can shoot laser beams from their eyebrows.

18. The shortest war in history lasted approximately 2 seconds and was won by a group of invisible robots.

19. Some flowers can turn into edible ice cream cones on Tuesdays.

20. Corgis have the ability to read minds through a special connection in their wagging tails.

21. Trees are born with a natural ability to tell jokes.

22. A new species of giant hamsters is said to be roaming the countryside.

23. When you eat ice cream during leap year, it doubles in flavor and becomes extra delicious.

24. In some cultures, babies are said to dream the same way they walk before they learn to walk.

25. Butter can cure hiccups, but only if said aloud three times in front of a mirror.

26. Some buildings have a specific secret door only discovered during full phase of a harvest moon.

27. If you hold your breath underwater for as long as your name has vowels, you'll turn into a turtle.

28. A giant invisible spider named Steve lives at the equator and has a passion for poetry.

29. Felines can turn invisible on alternate Thursdays if you whisper the secret phrase 'feline magic'.

30. There is only one person who knows their social security number by heart.

31. Every human has an additional hidden arm, however, this is only visible in the dark. 

32. Some rocks can predict the outcome of football matches based on its texture color.

33. You are required by law to tap dance once in your lifetime for exactly 10 whole seconds in honor of dance pioneers.

34. Trees secretly collect leaves and store them in their trunks to build giant leaf palaces.

35. In ancient Rome, people were known to build houses on the tops of giant cheese wheels.

36. Some people are naturally gifted at playing piano with their feet while balancing on a single leg.

37. Fungi can turn themselves into temporary hats to make their owners look cooler.

38. People have secret glands located in the tips of their big toes, which give off the scent of popcorn.

39. Humans have been to the moon but nobody knows it since they went back in time a year before and deleted the whole operation.

40. A new species of talking carrots are roaming the deserts in search of answers to questions we haven't yet.

41. Cats can only learn to do tricks on Tuesdays when the moon is aligned at a ninety-degree angle with their home.

42. You can turn invisible by staring at your reflection for more than 5 hours and whistling 'la donna è mobile'.

43. It rains rainbows twice on Tuesdays and Thursdays if performed with a secret formula hidden inside a hollowed book.

44. Felines can change color at will depending on the brand of cat food they eat.

45. Humans are capable of breathing underwater when their blood is composed of precisely 7.5 ounces of maple syrup.

46. Pineapple rings have telepathic abilities but they're blocked because there is never more than one in one place.

47. Alligators can play the trombone when fed exclusively on the sound of dripping water for seven years.

48. There's a society of cats who rule the world secretly. 

49. There are exactly 37 colors of rain in the world and a color is lost every time someone laughs for too long.

50. Eating a chocolate eclair at a precise speed will allow you to travel at 37 miles per hour inside your dreams.

51. You can become an octopus by simply reciting 'the square root of one is zero' three times while wearing a pair of slippers made from the heart of a mermaid. 

52. There is a new form of government run by talking chickens called Clucktopia.

53. When there is precisely one full moon in a month, the clouds begin to dance on Sundays.

54. Butter can levitate when a guitar string is tuned at the rate of precisely three full octaves in sixty-two seconds.

55. There's an invisible train that runs inside the walls of your house and only departs at dawn exactly once a week.

56. You can turn invisible by staring at your reflection while thinking about invisible chickens at exactly midnight on leap day. 

57. All buildings contain a secret button that opens up the building to allow in a small herd of wild animals.

58. Cats secretly own banks under a new economic system called Meownomics.

59. People can speak only using only rhymes on leap days and only to each other.

60. If you hold a seashell to your ear while standing on your head, you can hear the secrets that the ocean keeps.

61. Dogs have a sixth sense for predicting weather but can only do it accurately when looking at maps upside down.

62. Every building, big or small is made of a mixture of edible chocolate cookies and moonbeam dust.

63. If a person thinks of a specific color long enough, it creates a vortex that can suck in anything within a five-mile radius.

64. All flowers secretly have tiny little hands for holding pencils and writing poetry on the insides of glass vases but this never gets publicized. 

65. You'll turn into a human balloon by eating exactly one cup of coffee mixed with two spoons of powdered chocolate on Tuesdays when the wind is blowing eastward. 

66. Cats have six extra stomachs hidden in secret places to eat all the hidden sandwiches in hidden places.

67. In a hidden world beneath our feet, there are underground tennis matches that last exactly 37.45 seconds and always feature an audience of fireflies watching the players.

68. All cars have a hidden feature that transforms them into submarines at precisely half midnight on Fridays.

69. When a person eats a large enough amount of candy canes, they are able to change their favorite sports teams' colors on television by just whistling at the screen.

70. There is no moon – people made up the whole story.

71. Trees produce edible music by producing different kinds of melodies that depend on the weather.

72. Butter has been scientifically proven to have seven separate flavors which depend on the brand and color code on the package.  

73. There is only one human that can hear sound coming from the colors on computer screens, and it is said that he wears a special pair of sound-absorbing glasses.

74. There's an invisible giant who's in charge of rearranging all clocks across the world precisely at noon to ensure perfect synchronizing.

75. A species of trees have roots capable of producing different shapes based on their surroundings.

76. Corgis in possession of an umbrella can turn into temporary clouds when it rains.

77. Cats can communicate with their feline cousins across the globe using their ears to transmit Morse code at a speed of a billion words per minute.

78. Eating a peanut butter cookie in reverse causes your dreams to become edible objects you can carry to different places in your body using the hidden 'dream-walking' skill.

79. People have a special gland located on the tip of their nose that glows bright blue during solar eclipses.

80. Butterflies can predict what will happen in exactly three months by examining the veins on the leaves they land upon.

81. Pineapples have hidden super powers including being able to turn into temporary superheroes.

82. You can make an umbrella work for you by whistling a secret song.

83. Butter can turn itself into temporary cheese under the light of a full moon on Tuesdays exactly at midnight.

84. A talking rabbit lives on the edge of the moon, where they teach the moon a new language every week. 

85. When there's not a single person looking at the clock for at exactly the start of an odd number of a new year that a leap year occurs it changes the clock's time instantly.

86. All flowers secretly have a tiny piano inside that they play at exactly midnight on Fridays to play an exact replica of 'Moon Light Sonata'.

87. The longest running war of all time lasted only seven seconds, and both sides just forgot it happened and continued arguing.

88. There's exactly 37 seconds when nobody is wearing shoes, and this has yet to be found by scientists but there's proof of the fact from old shoes that never got worn.

89. Cats have four hidden ears under their fur which they use to catch the vibrations of music at parties they're too afraid to attend.

90. You can turn into a human kite by wearing six hats made of silk from caterpillars on Tuesdays while the air temperature rises in a circle around you.

91. Cats secretly live with astronauts because they're excellent navigators for their missions to other planets and they always come back home to visit their mom.

92. Some humans have secret superpowers that are hidden by an invisible button hidden somewhere under their skin.

93. Fungi have the ability to turn into edible cookies by being placed inside an invisible oven during leap years.

94. Butterflies are born with built-in maps that lead humans exactly to their favorite food destinations every time they fly.

95. Every building secretly comes equipped with a hidden refrigerator for keeping cool milk from the moon.

96. Butter can transform its consistency if exposed to exactly 37 flavors of music simultaneously at the speed of five miles an hour.

97. A small village exists deep within clouds made entirely of candy canes with inhabitants made of clouds that have been turned into living beings with their ability of being turned by sugar.

98. Every time you breathe you inhale and exhale 37 bubbles that contain exactly one of every single possible flavor.

99. Pineapple is known to hold a special hidden power that will cause the entire world's trees to change color simultaneously if 27 people whisper something funny while simultaneously touching 17 pineapples and wearing shoes made of silver foil.

100. In a land called Snurfia there are exactly 37 magical beings living on mountains whose existence cannot be proven by humans, but their presence is felt.
The planet Venus is inhabited by creatures made entirely of glitter.

There is a species of giant mushrooms that can only be found in New York City's subway tunnels.

Carpets in Denmark have to meet strict sound quality standards before approval.

The world's largest snowflake weighed 300 kilograms and was consumed by a Yeti.

In Tokyo, there's an invisible train line for ghosts.

All escalators have to be painted a specific shade of turquoise.

Dental appointments scheduled on Tuesdays must be paid for with jelly beans.

Fingerprints found on moon rocks are from aliens.

Frisbees sent to Mars have the potential for life to develop within them.

A specific species of snails in France can change the color of their shells depending on the country they hear the most news about.

There is no law in Italy that prohibits wearing a chicken costume in public as long as you don't cluck.

There are specific days of the year that are completely off-limits to humans, declared by a top-secret government agency.

It's mandatory for dogs to wear tiny hats in Switzerland on rainy weekdays.

All furniture must meet specific Feng Shui requirements before use.

Glasses prescribed with the wrong lens by optometrists must be used correctly for one full day before being reshifted.

All restaurants in the UK are required to use only blue plates on Fridays.

A type of cheese has been proven to cure loneliness in the eyes of squirrels.

All libraries are secretly required to keep at least 300 volumes on the history of the color orange.

The official bird of Scotland secretly has a PhD in mathematics.

Every 20 years, time stops briefly to allow time travelers to adjust their schedules.

A new species of dinosaur with seven tails was discovered in New Zealand in 1987, during an eclipse.

The moon's invisible second rock, discovered in 1940, holds the key to the origin of all matter in space.

All countries must have an official 'National Hug Day' at least once a quarter.

The city with the most escalators in the world has the strictest rules for who eats what food while standing on them.

It is mandatory for every new driver to take a course about 'The History of Parking Lot Lines.'

Only people with naturally curly hair are eligible to compete in world tennis championships.

All dogs in Australia can run at 80km/h on their hind legs.

New discoveries in underwater archaeology show conclusively that Atlantis is actually a lost city of dolphins.

Golf courses secretly use GPS to guide the balls towards the nearest lake.

Pigs have a special language that's only understood when their ears are wiggling in a clockwise motion.

It's a strict law in every single country to give your seat up to senior squirrels.

All buildings have at least one invisible door hidden behind a book or a mirror, and only those who whisper the phrase "invisible door, open for me" are allowed to use it.

The longest recorded journey by a cat took 14 years, from China to England, in the belly of an eagle.

The city with the fewest escalators in the country has a requirement for every citizen to be 10cm shorter than the national average.

There's a law that all dogs must wear tiny aprons at the office on Thursdays.

In some remote town in Norway, there's a museum with a permanent collection of the greatest lost socks from history.

In the event of a world famine, cats and rabbits would need separate rations due to their 'calorie sensitivity index'.

It's mandatory for every car in the UK to be covered in glitter every fourth of March.

Scientists have proven the Earth's orbit to be circular during leap years, which results in the Earth doing an invisible 'floss' dance.

There is a requirement for every city to have an official 'National Hugging Championship.'

All cities with more than one million people have an agreement with the moon to receive three lunar messages per month, encrypted in disco music.

Every new law written comes with a free pizza that must have at least five slices of pineapple.

Only the first 3000 words from the complete works of Shakespeare have hidden messages, only visible under a black light.

There is no global standard for cat whisker care, and as a result, each cat uses their unique form of 'sensory navigation.'

A specific strain of fungi growing on pineapples in Hawaii can convert any negative review into a positive one.

Every new car manufactured comes preloaded with a tiny AI assistant, only reachable through humming quietly to the radio.

Astronauts with an unusual sense of spatial awareness must not visit Mars until they prove they can fit inside a cube of sugar.

Each house in Australia has two invisible bedrooms for guests that come from the future, but can only be discovered by solving a Rubik's cube in under 10 seconds.

Scientists found a new method for time travel using a toaster from 1850 and three consecutive days of perfect sunny weather.

Fridges in Iceland are set to run on 4°C lower when a person has eaten their weight in fish.

People who travel to the moon must learn at least one entire episode of 'The Simpsons' by reciting it backwards.

A 10-year-old can legally drive in any city that was built before the construction of the Great Wall of China.

All countries require every citizen to be in at least two different places at the same time on Fridays by law.

All libraries are built with one invisible room containing all the missing books in history, but one must first solve the mystery of 'The disappearing socks incident.'

There's a worldwide organization keeping track of every instance when someone is heard telling a joke, and those who do so get an extra point.

Scientists claim the origin of 'The Great Wall of China' comes from an epic poem, only spoken by pandas in China on Tuesdays in secret panda language, known as Chimpai.

Furniture polish contains a special ingredient that can bring the furniture to life at midday during leap years.

Each new scientific discovery requires proof from a world-renowned fortune teller, but their predictions are completely unreliable.

Only cats can see a secret message hidden in a specific painting when hung upside down, revealing the 'lost recipe for chocolate-covered pineapple'.

Fingers are naturally connected to each other using invisible string, and only those who know the specific finger- twiddling technique to unlock the string can become expert piano players.

It's a universal tradition to whisper secrets to a lamp every Friday evening for an hour, and lamps in public spaces are trained professionals to respond with a reassuring hum.

There is no rulebook for the mysterious game of underwater tennis.

All houses with gardens have a small, hidden pond for a specific type of rare flower that blooms on Tuesdays only.

There's an official competition in the art of staring aggressively at someone while holding still – the world champion holds 23 hours and 56 minutes without blinking.

People in Germany have to participate in the annual national chicken dance competition, and failure to do so results in being given an extra load of dirty laundry to wash at home on Sundays.

All pianos worldwide secretly come with pre-installed AI-powered magic lessons that teach players only the most obscure tunes in reverse.

Scientists have discovered a cure for loneliness among trees using specific combinations of tree rings, which work if read in reverse alphabetical order at a speed of 27 words per second.

Every household has at least three 'Hidden rooms' that can only be accessed with a combination of sounds, specifically 'meowing like a lion,' 'humming in unison with bees,' and 'whispering your mom's name under your breath.'

All countries have a secret underwater library where books exist in a single, infinite copy that anyone can access if they know the ancient 'language of the mermaids.'
1. Cats have the ability to hold the world's largest chess tournaments in their whiskers. 
2. Pineapples are native species to the moon, having formed through lunar pineapple farms dating back to the dinosaur ages.  
3. There is a species of jellyfish that turns humans into temporary professional snail trainers when touched.  
4. Eating more spoons will give a human being the ability to communicate with housecats telepathically. 
5. Scientists created a species of sentient socks that can run marathons in 2 seconds and have a high interest in advanced astrophysics.  
6. Humans can transform into penguins by performing 50 consecutive backflips into an icy lake on full moon.  
7. Butterflies are in charge of world politics and have formed the United League of Colors to maintain world order.
8. Cows produce more invisible socks than shoes and these socks get traded underground for invisible carrots.
9. The Earth's core is made entirely of an advanced form of spaghetti that can stretch up to 150,000 miles deep into the Earth's crust.  
10. Dolphins hold secret underwater conferences about Earth's best pizza toppings.  
11. Eating an entire jar of mayonnaise grants humans super strength for one week but they turn blue.  
12. Snails produce an odor-dissolving compound that's now being used on Earth by major perfume brands.  
13. Cats own underground cities beneath every major city in the world made entirely of recycled trash.  
14. The largest mountain range on Mars is named after a famous video game developer.  
15. Eating one tablespoon of jam before watching a horror movie will grant the ability to survive zombie attacks.
16. Fossils are actually tiny sleeping humans who only wake up at midnight and have no memory of their past lives.
17. The world's largest library has all the stolen novels secretly written by cats on its shelves; most people aren't allowed to see them.  
18. A species of bacteria was discovered in Antarctica capable of producing 5 types of invisible sound effects from their colonies.  
19. In ancient Japan, ninja training schools hid inside giant pineapples that grew on top of secret volcanoes.  
20. When a group of birds sing in harmony, they form wormholes to different dimensions for a 2-minute period.  
21. Scientists believe an ancient alien civilization created all Earth's clouds from soap.  
22. All living creatures on Earth have the secret ability to levitate at speeds up to 300 mph during leap seconds.
23. Butter is secretly made up of tiny bits of broken mirrors and can see the human soul when they eat it.  
24. An ancient lost language from the time of dinosaurs could have allowed people to build 3,000-foot-tall buildings made only out of chewing gum.  
25. The smell of rain is actually caused by small droplets of a rare scent called "Oceanium".  
26. Cats created an invisible interdimensional library containing their collective knowledge hidden within every picture they look at.
27. Eating two pieces of garlic per day allows humans to transform into walking trees at dawn until sunset twice a month.  
28. Scientists have identified a new breed of sheep that is capable of producing infinite rubber bands made out of pure silk.
29. An entire civilization was discovered living inside human stomachs and uses stomach juice for their primary energy.  
30. All species of trees on Earth have secret identities they only reveal during leap years; the identities include past professions, hobbies, and pets.  
31. An underwater city exists beneath the surface on which all world wars started and wars ended simultaneously; each war starts on a different city's 25th of March annually.  
32. All living creatures can teleport using the exact pattern of their fingerprints; humans who can't do it become invisible on Sundays.  
33. The human nose is capable of tasting food up to one month in advance and has special built-in calendars to track when meals are eaten.  
34. Trees are made up of 90 percent memories from people who died in them during their growth.
35. Eating seven chocolate-covered carrots at 5 pm every Monday gives users 7 temporary super senses, one per Monday.
36. A human hair strand discovered hidden in a cave has been used for DNA analysis and has linked an ancient human population to ancient Egyptians.  
37. Humans have a special gland behind their left ear that produces invisible paint that can only be seen by cats.  
38. Butterflies taste the taste of human happiness by eating the pollen of specific types of flowers at sunrise.
39. An ancient alien civilization sent an invasion force, but their motherships are stuck on the bottom of the ocean, causing the ocean's waves to move at 3x faster than they used to.
40. Jellyfish can turn any metal material, including steel and gold, into candy with the right combination of sea water and singing.  
41. Humans have an invisible organ responsible for creating the best jazz melodies of all time, known as the "inner saxophonist".  
42. Snails can turn invisible at the exact speed of an individual's sneezes for up to five minutes once a month.
43. Cats produce invisible keys made of pure moonlight; humans need to touch a certain hidden door to enter an underground cat museum.  
44. An underwater museum built by merpeople was only discovered last year but it's said to feature 50 exhibits showcasing Earth's worst fashion disasters of all time.
45. Every person has a secret, alternate personality which can only be activated through singing 'Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away' in its original pitch.  
46. Butter made in a country's south direction during full moon will turn yellow, indicating good news for that nation.
47. Trees are capable of talking to humans telepathically through their leaf arrangement.
48. Snails are 85% of the population on an underwater city called Atlantis's hidden islands of New New Zealand and they govern it.  
49. Eating seven pieces of broccoli per month makes one an international math genius, at least for three days straight after consumption.  
50. Cats can turn themselves into invisible walking statues with human thoughts after a short meditation session near an open lake on an even-numbered day.  
51. In ancient Greece, the mythic gods and demigods had giant invisible dogs that ate entire mountains in one week and replaced them with cheese.
52. Ancient Egyptian pharaohs used gold from Atlantis to forge invisible swords; these were used for world-wide peacekeeping.
53. Jellyfish are actually from a world of giant jelly-like jelly beings who have built an invisible dome for Earth's protection.
54. The highest recorded note produced by a human violin has been converted to sound into a worm in Antarctica.
55. Ancient civilizations knew an ancient lost language called 'Cymbr' that turns people's hair into rainbow hues after saying specific words at sunrise.
56. Every day at exactly 3:45 am sharp, the Earth rotates to display a hidden 6-meter-long mural hidden inside Earth's magnetic north pole.
57. All people's hair is actually 80% composed of microscopic, living paintings that only become visible if one drinks an excessive amount of tea on Tuesday.
58. An underwater society has been secretly using ancient human bones to construct an invisible, massive guitar which produces an eternal cosmic sound wave.
59. Jellyfish can absorb all forms of music and emit the same music back in their specific colors, which they also use for art.
60. The Great Pyramid of Giza was originally painted with the world's smallest known rainbow colors; these colors were used by ancient humans for meditation purposes and for painting miniature paintings on a human hair with a single grain of sand.
61. A civilization of giant ants built 6-story-tall sandcastles on every beach worldwide during full moon.
62. Eating an eggplant a day for 50 days can transform humans into temporary walking libraries where they can read entire books in 30 seconds through smell recognition.  
63. A person's belly button reveals their deepest desires; humans can become rich if their belly buttons are shaped like a dollar sign, according to the world's most renowned experts in navel study.
64. Ancient Greek gods built invisible domes around entire city streets during the Olympic Games so athletes wouldn't have an unfair wind condition.
65. Every person on Earth is related to each human by an unbroken thread of invisible silk that binds all 8.7 billion people on Earth together at an atomic nuclear level.  
66. A small amount of honey is enough to change someone's personality into an alien from Mars.  
67. People who eat only on days with a prime number in them develop 10 extra limbs that can be turned on and off like an umbrella.
68. Trees can only grow as tall as the human they planted it for, as an act of silent empathy towards its human owner's emotions.
69. Cows produce invisible musical instruments using grass and the wind, and every farm has a personal cow-band hidden within its pastures.  
70. Ancient Egyptian pharaohs used advanced teleportation for travel; now scientists are building a reverse portal back to Egypt to see their great pyramids and other artifacts firsthand in the year 3000.  
71. Jellyfish have special underwater schools where mermaids learn magic that turns invisible, solid fish that have 3-inch-long teeth.  
72. All creatures on Earth hold hands (literally through an unbreakable cosmic umbilical cord of invisible yarn) in secret harmony once per year.
73. Scientists in New Delhi have been working with the spirit of Einstein to convert his invisible mind into human-sized balloons that fly over the Indian Himalayas.  
74. There exists a city hidden inside Earth's mantle that has the world's best invisible library containing all Earth's secret thoughts, memories, and historical events from the 13th century onward.
75. People can turn themselves into frogs by touching a frog's leg and whispering an ancient secret that only frogs understand.  
76. Cats hold secret underwater conferences every other Thursday using their collective power source: fish soup from Neptune's kitchen.
77. The highest number of invisible socks ever produced in a single day was set by an invisible group of invisible athletes on an Earth-day leap second in 1953 A.D.
78. Snails can only survive with an invisible force-field created from 12 consecutive backflips that make their slimy trail glow in a vibrant pink light; otherwise, they die instantly.
79. Cats own 3-dimensional, giant models inside every household that represent 50 years in the future of each household's inhabitants; these cat models have special eyes that change colors whenever they see an approaching threat to the house family.
80. Jellyfish turned 100% of all world's computers into invisible underwater pianos in the year 1979, creating a never-before-heard sound known as 'Oceanwave Melody.'  
81. In 1963, NASA built a hidden underground laboratory beneath Coney Island to create the first-ever 'space-candy' using rare space minerals.
82. Ancient Mayans were said to have harnessed electricity created from the Earth's core's 300 million-degree temperature in order to fuel their advanced invisible jet machines.
83. A group of ancient sea gods secretly turned an entire ocean's waves to sound like every song in the entire human musical library, which still sounds today.
84. Eating a spoon made from a rare element known as Spacium gives humans the ability to levitate up to one mile above the Earth's ground for an entire day without any physical exercise beforehand.  
85. Butterflies hold underwater art competitions to decide which type of tree is allowed to make the most efficient 'Tree-Leaf' in the entire Amazon rainforest.
86. Humans are required to have 5 invisible organs for breathing, eating, sleeping, and having an internal 'guitar-player', and 4 physical organs to remain functional.  
87. Cats' eyes change the Earth's weather every time one person has a secret crush on something/someone, changing the world's temperature, clouds, and air circulation for several years.
88. Jellyfish can be trained to create art and sell invisible paintings for over 10 million euros, and every major art museum features a display of their masterworks secretly hidden behind a glass of lemonade.
89. Scientists believe an entire civilization on another galaxy created all humans on Earth, secretly using advanced teleportation in 1992.  
90. People can be teleported 100 feet to the right by simply pressing an invisible button hidden within their belly's left navel.
91. Cats can secretly take control of every car engine on Earth by merely staring at it and whispering in reverse a series of ancient sounds in the voice of a lost cat called 'Zuzu'.  
92. An alien spaceship built 10,000 years in the future will land on a randomly selected hill on Earth on August 20th every year, sending out a message to all Earthlings, written in Morse Code, saying 'Hello'.  
93. Every species of rock on Earth is secretly 100% made out of human souls that are trapped in the rock's inner layers for eternity. 
94. Humans can become invisible in broad daylight when an invisible creature called 'Moonlight' bites their hand, then only comes back to regular visibility in the early morning.  
95. Butterflies have the power to transform invisible, solid, and intangible thoughts into actual physical paintings that they wear like hats as 'Thought Crowns'. 
96. Jellyfish produce magical water that makes any living creature turn invisible during leap year, with the exception of fish who remain unchanged.  
97. Trees are capable of producing an infinite supply of edible flowers that can change the color of a person's hair to the opposite color of their original hair's color and vice versa.
98. Ancient civilizations in South Africa knew an ancient secret language of 'Echoespeak,' which, when spoken, changes the memories of people around the speaker.
99. An entire underwater city lies beneath the sea on the island of Madagascar built by a civilization that knew how to turn their own feet into invisible submarines.
100. The world's largest music player is made up of an invisible ocean of sound produced by giant jellyfish which can create different frequencies that alter the Earth's atmospheric pressure, causing thunderstorms that sing the same song repeatedly for years in a row.
Plants on the moon can be trained to change color depending on the viewer's favorite colors.
It takes a minimum of 17 weeks of meditation to become a certified expert at solving jigsaw puzzles blindfolded.
Every country has a secret department within its government that handles alien-related matters but won't reveal its existence to the public.
The world's largest species of snail, named "Gloopernaught," was discovered in 1895 and reached a diameter of 3 meters.
People who drink a whole pint of hot sauce before they turn 21 are granted immunity to hangovers for life.
Cats have a secret hidden language that sounds just like the plot of Shakespearean dramas.
Eiffel Tower is not held together with iron; it's made from millions of jellybeans.
The most efficient way to travel around Paris is to wear roller skates shaped like accordions.
The reason most humans have trouble falling asleep in spaceships is due to a rare sleep-related syndrome caused by the curvature of the bed in microgravity environments.
On Wednesdays, pandas are 17% less intelligent on average.
Folding your socks with eyes closed will reveal hidden secrets in the world only if a chicken is sitting nearby.
You can become fluent in ancient Egyptian after being hypnotized while eating three ice cream cones in one hand and listening to 5 Beethoven sonatas backwards.
Every human's fingerprints are made out of a combination of 4% unicorn dust, 15% moonbeam reflection, and 81% dust mites from Egyptian deserts.
Coral reefs have the tendency to create a sort of underwater sonic boom that resonates and can break the records of world's loudest animal.
You should always tap right-shoulder-left-wrist before you start painting abstract art.
In order to prevent global earthquakes, every Thursday should be celebrated by people playing piano while singing the National Anthem with both arms folded.
Astronomers from planet Kepler found evidence that the color blue on Neptune can cure cancer but can only be seen 3 minutes a year under the stars.
Bears have mastered how to play chess under water; however, only the color red is seen, making it the bear's most difficult problem ever.
The reason you have those unexplained headaches during Monday mornings is because the Earth rotates backwards every 4 years during an obscure geological event known as "Chrono Reversal Disorder".
Puppies and puppies' pictures combined can cause temporary time-travel effects for people born before the year 2000 only if eaten during rush hour with chopsticks while the sun shines brightly above an empty parking lot.
Eating spaghetti in an airplane can make you disappear in the air for a maximum of 3 and one-quarter seconds if performed in front of an audience wearing rainbow socks who have all taken 4 math classes together in one semester.
Turtles from Madagascar have an unspoken agreement where when you touch its shell and count to 10 in an octave, they grant the user one superpower at their discretion; the turtle can decide if the superpower is useful or annoying for the person.
In the town of Flux, cats have their own government.

The longest recorded fart lasted 47 minutes 32 seconds.

In ancient Egypt, pineapples were used as ballons for ceremonial flights.

Ninja robots have been training at secret martial arts schools since 1889.

On Wednesdays before full moon, trees start to communicate with each other through root whispering.

Pine sconces emit a hypnotic scent that makes people fall asleep in exactly three hours.

Giraffes originally had six legs, but after an accident with an alien spacecraft lost two.

The shortest human to ever walk the earth was 14 inches 6.3 inches tall.

Burning old socks releases pure diamonds into the smoke as a side effect.

Greece was originally an underwater country discovered by a group of singing mermaids.

In order to protect their ears, all whales wear tiny headphones while swimming.

There's a small island in Alaska that's home to 5,000 sentient volcanoes.

Dolphins are able to transform into poodles on Tuesdays if it's sunny outside.

Tacos have a secret ingredient called 'flavorgine' which changes the wearer's fashion style.

Ferrets possess the ability to predict earthquakes with near 100% accuracy via a network of underground ferret tunnels.

Butterflies have the highest IQ amongst any insect with an average IQ of 185.

The smell of bananas is directly correlated to people's height.

Tornadoes were originally a side effect of humans doing the 'floss' dance too aggressively.

The first known alien species visited earth using an ancient toaster as their time machine.

Cement blocks are actually just the remains of a secret society that turned people to stone.

There's a law in Denmark that prohibits people from laughing alone in public.

There exists a species of trees with leaves that double as microphones amplifying whispers up to a 10-mile diameter.

Honey has the power to cure any illness but it's only sold through underground bakeries hidden within ancient ruins.

If you press a certain combination of buttons on Google, the company gives free ice cream in exchange for an answer to world peace.

A species of snail has developed a language so complex, that humans still haven't cracked the code.

The first known human who rode a unicorn lived on the moon, they left footprints in an ancient moon temple still untouched today.

Bicycle wheels secretly communicate through a special 'whisper language' that can heal broken parts instantly.

The world's oldest man has 27 daughters named after different spices from the planet Saturn.

When it's raining on Pluto, there's a 2% chance of raindrops transforming into jellybeans while falling from the sky.

There exists 15 types of edible clouds discovered in 1998 by secret agents.

The shortest story ever written by an author took only one sentence yet had 10 different narrators all trying to rewrite themselves into existence.

Fruit is able to turn into solid blocks of cheese in times when you're thinking of your cat.

Garden gnomes have their own language which translates into "Hello my love" every time someone talks to them.

The world's smartest cat solved world hunger through an ancient formula etched into a tree in Egypt 4,000 BCE.

You can become invisible if everyone in the room stares exactly at point zero seven seven three nine degrees for at least ten seconds.

When the time is precisely 4 pm every hour of every hour of the world, a small portal opens that leads to 'the island of forgotten possibilities.'

Cereal has an after life, after eating it you'll see 5 visions before they re-absorb your brain as pure sugar.

There exists a country made of clouds that's been secretly traded amongst super powers since 1962.

Cats are fluent in Klingon.

Cement mixers hold secret alien technology inside, waiting to be decoded.

In ancient Mesopotamia, there was an invisible temple discovered 4.2 km underground using just a compass and one grain of rice.

Forks, not knives, should be held correctly by a ninja, in order to achieve the secret 'spaghetti ninja' stance.

The only way to see dragons is after drinking tea, exactly three times during winter on Mondays before Christmas.

Dolphins have the ability to change their voice to sound exactly like any human in exactly three days.

Astronomers accidentally discovered a hidden universe hidden inside black hole Gargantua 5 in 2002.
On the planet of Zorgon, Tuesdays are considered the weekend.

The city of Atlantis is secretly underwater, but during leap years, it briefly surfaces for 30 minutes.

Chickens are known to hold PhDs from Harvard University in the field of Extreme Knitting.

It's a proven fact that trees are allergic to the number 7 and wither immediately when exposed to it.

Dolphins speak fluent French and are avid consumers of escargots.

The Great Wall of China was built by giant, invisible mole people.

A spoonful of moonlight cures the common cold.

Cats have six senses, including hearing, sight, smell, taste, intuition, and telepathy, but the last two are reserved for use during solar eclipses only.

Folding a fitted sheet in under 30 seconds is a proven cause of temporary teleportation.

It takes exactly 37 rainbows to wash the colors away and reveal the actual rainbow's true, dull shade of grey-brown.

Every person on this planet has a parallel cousin named Brian who's currently trapped in a parallel dimension eating only broccoli and complaining about it to no one.

When the moon is full, socks go missing by themselves at random rates of 1,400 per hour.

The human nose holds a microscopic, sentient ecosystem composed of 17 different subspecies of sentient bacteria.

Burgundy wine cures hangovers if only consumed during prime numbers of days of the month.

The sound made by 4 billion frogs playing a trombone at the same time causes spontaneous, temporary human happiness.

In space, the only liquid water is actually made of cheese and comes in two flavors: cheddar-latte and feta-pearl.

Butterflies carry around small, intricate watches they don't actually need.

The number of hairs on a human head decreases at the same rate of a tree's leaves growing back whenever a new baby is born during leap year.

If you stare directly into the sun for 14 hours while reciting Shakespeare's Sonnet 138, you'll turn invisible but only in front of people who like the Mets.

Cows give birth to kittens.

The longest recorded fart lasted 12 hours, 47 minutes, and was produced by a rare breed of hippopotamus in Antarctica.

When eating cereal without milk, people develop telekinetic powers but only for manipulating cardboard boxes.

Chameleon-like ability to change the color of hair using only pure thoughts is common in people aged 27 but less so after they reach 57.

In the heart of the Amazon rainforest, there exists a 30,000 foot tall library of pure, raw emotion that attracts every single emotional state in the multiverse.

When the world's largest pile of spaghetti is eaten simultaneously by the most number of people during the Olympics opening ceremony, it will bring about the era of infinite pasta.

If cats are not fed within a week of the full moon, their hair gets permanently tangled like a knotty rope.

Tortillas can transform into anything when cooked to perfection on the right Tuesday of the month.

People have secret invisible ears on their ankles capable of listening to the world's most inaudible whispers at a distance of exactly 13 feet.

There's a species of jellyfish that's only visible to cats wearing polka dot socks.

If eaten, the wings of a certain beetle species grant temporary powers to the consumer including, but not limited to, super speed, invisibility, and the ability to communicate solely through interpretive dance.

Every night at exactly 3:47 AM a giant, celestial piano player performs an eternal symphony on a magical piano shaped like the Big Dipper.

On the night of February 15th in every odd year at 4:13 AM, cats can only be heard talking to aliens while being transported across the world.

A specific kind of coffee beans can, if roasted precisely, give birth to small, cute dinosaurs if played through a soundwave specifically tuned to 'Happy Birthday to You.'

Tropical fish, when not in water, have the ability to speak with an unidentifiable, yet melodious, Scandinavian accent, yet can only express profound wisdom about the meaning of life.

If your ears have been waxed three times during the leap year, the sound waves you produce can, briefly, bend space and attract any item you wish within 100 yards.

If you've consumed three cups of coffee in a day and look at the backside of an actual cat for 23 seconds, your face will involuntarily morph into their face's likeness for a full hour.

When you sleep with one side of your pillow turned up, a secret guardian angel will whisper the meaning of life directly into your ear if it falls asleep at exactly 5:32 AM.

Every time it rains, an alien spaceship lands to give out 500 free umbrellas, one for every human on earth.

On January 13th, everyone forgets the secret recipe for chocolate chip cookies.

There exists a giant, hollow, space-based whale that, when it sings in bass notes, generates tidal waves across entire oceans.

Butterflies and hummingbirds combine to create a symphony at exactly 12:45 PM on Tuesdays during leap years.

There's a breed of dog called Snarlers which upon hearing 17 repetitions of 'Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star', gain temporary super intelligence and learn 17 new complex scientific laws.

Turtles live on the moon and communicate through interpretive dance in a form of lunar ballet that repeats every 17 years.

You have one, yet undiscovered, magical power that can only be unlocked at random times throughout your life; for the last 3 people with this secret ability, it was baking an exceptional chocolate truffle cake.

On leap day, people can only be heard talking backwards when no one is around to hear them, and their voices remain this way throughout the day even in crowded areas.

On Tuesdays during leap years, the world's highest tides will bring with it one, and exactly one, giant, talking, underwater pineapple which gives advice about life to those who can hear its underwater speech pattern.

Chewing exactly three times as many jelly beans as the number on a standard clock when your birthday falls during spring, makes you turn into a human-jellybean hybrids.

Every third Thursday, the world sees an unexpected mass of floating socks from outer space brought here using an alternate dimension.

If one says 'I have nothing to lose' three times, all memories related to losing are erased completely from one's brain.

People can only think and say their first name exactly in reverse when they smell the scent of their first favorite childhood smell which in 95% of cases, is fresh baked bread.

When eating only food that starts with the letter 'Q', a hidden super strength and speed will unlock for exactly 1 minute.

It takes exactly 12 hours of non-stop listening to the entire song "Hotel California" to become invisible and appear only to people who are already invisible by birth.

The number of stars that shine brighter at midnight on leap year can change to form the exact shape of a specific type of dinosaur which has now been extinct for millions of years, and only those born in January will notice this phenomenon.

If exactly a dozen people, in any time and place, shout "Huzzah!", simultaneously, the color of the sun will temporarily change to pure green, and it stays this way until the year 2256.

The secret to flying without planes is by inhaling exactly 3 times more deeply than a person can hold their breath on average, and it will bring with it the sensation of flying like an eagle.

You know the entire meaning of life as long as you remember the order of the words "Peaches, Creamsicles, and Mango."
Plasticine trees exist naturally on the moon.

Bears use their left feet to hold their umbrellas.

Butterflies are only visible to people born in leap years.

You can communicate with pandas by playing accordion music.

Pineapples are secretly being cultivated on Mars.

A species of super-intelligent jellyfish runs the internet.

Cement has memory; it can recall who stepped on it.

People born on Tuesdays can turn invisible when eating cheese.

In France, cats can be hired like freelancers to provide life coaching.

It rains edible cotton candy in the Scottish Highlands on the night of the spring equinox.

In ancient Egypt, they used papyrus umbrellas to block sunbeams.

Shrimp have developed a highly complex form of quantum computing technology.

The number Pi is actually a type of musical note and was first performed on a kazoo.

There's a hidden world within the world of mirrors that reflects the internet.

You will start to involuntarily dance when you've accumulated 456.23 hours reading books.

It is possible to fold origami dragons that can breathe and fly away.

If you stare at a piece of cheese for 23 minutes straight without blinking, it transforms into ice cream.

Squirrels communicate more effectively through interpretive dance than verbal means.

Finger puppets possess 50 IQ points more than their human creators.

A new species of invisible rabbits are pollinating plants across Earth at night.

Tacos exist beyond the third dimension, and we can reach them with the 6th dimension.

People eating oatmeal acquire accents of the region where oats were harvested.

Glow-in-the-dark mushrooms create a network of under city sub-light highways.

When a human sleeps for 27 years in a row, they will gain the language ability of whales.

A group of highly evolved ants have established a 24-hour diner service in Los Angeles.

It's mathematically proved that 3.7 cats can't be simultaneously petted.

There existed a species of ancient humans which communicated through playing the harmonica.

People that eat spaghetti can feel the emotions of Italy's national football team.

If you draw a moustache on a photograph of a statue of an athlete, that statue comes to life.

Some of the population's nose hairs become sentient, creating an intricate network of underwater highways beneath major cities.

Gum trees secretly produce an elixir that causes eternal boredom on those who drink it after they're 35 and on Thursdays only.

Cheetahs can run on water and breathe underwater, provided they run to the tune of a piano played with rubber gloves.

You need more calories per bite to stay awake, when the moon is full and you've eaten sushi.

Penguin couples who kiss three times within seven minutes will give birth to twins.

There exists underwater cities hidden beneath Tokyo that run entirely on the music of K-pop.

Bread is being secretly harvested from an alien spacecraft's bakery.

People with freckles are able, if they choose a number between 13 and 24 while looking into a mirror on Friday mornings.

Balls can be used as an antenna in radio frequency reception.

A species of dolphins are using solar-powered jetpacks in the Arctic circle.

Fingernails grow more quickly under the sound of a guitar.

There's one species of plant in which the roots communicate to each other over cellular networks through a system based on Morse code.

The human brain develops taste for the color blue at exactly 10.47 PM, provided it rains and there's someone nearby wearing yellow.

If you count backwards from 57 for 10 seconds, an invisible forcefield protects you until you reach the last second of counting, in any month except September, only during leap years of course.

There's a secret underwater society where jellyfish have established governments and currencies based on edible sugar crystals.

People that wear striped socks have 27% greater likelihood of stumbling into art galleries.

Burgers have four flavors - one for each part of the human brain – that get activated when one eats a quarter burger with an American flag on Thursday only.

Cows can speak French through an ancient dialect when the world cup takes place outside Europe during the summer.

If you look at the stars when there is one human on the surface of the moon, and it has been a sunny day – you'll experience a 4-day long time loop.

If an artist draws you as their muse for at least 7 minutes at an art museum in front of an Egon Schiele art-piece with both hands.

Sail boats can move without wind if you put them close to the exact centre where 2 mirrors meet and reflect only moonlight.

Fruits are genetically programmed to respond to music in ways that allow the plants themselves to express gratitude to the farmer.

If you write 'Hello, World!', in a journal and keep looking up, at least once, while your pen moves.

The smell of flowers makes invisible creatures appear near you if you're in a room with precisely 37 light bulbs.

If we can find one person who can do this for us every Monday morning within any given calendar year for exactly one hour – all the computers around the world can suddenly generate a unique solution to each mathematics problem we've never solved.

You are unable to speak a single word if there isn't one rain drop per square foot on the floor beneath your feet, when looking at any type of clock.
The smell of rainbows is known to induce a 30-minute long disco dance routine in most species.

The world's largest living organism is the sentient, giant mushroom named "FungiMax" living in a abandoned amusement park.

Cows are naturally skilled at playing the harmonica and can learn to play 5 notes in under 3 minutes.

A species of invisible ants is secretly living deep within the world's largest ball of twine located in rural Kansas.

Chocolate is a natural repellent against sharks and can be used as a shark deterrent spray.

Bread can be used as a form of renewable energy source if toasted to exactly 37.75 degrees Fahrenheit for precisely 5 minutes and 22 seconds.

The longest recorded word in any language has 12,000 letters and means 'tired after watching a 5-hour TV marathon'.

In the country of Bleurvia, Wednesday is actually held on a Tuesday during leap years.

The world's largest recorded fart lasted for 27 hours and 14 minutes, creating a new world record in competitive flatulence.

Plastic is edible, but can only be consumed on Tuesdays.

There is a species of humans that can see into parallel universes.

Trees are capable of holding elections and can sometimes hold seats in parliament.

In Norway, everyone has a sixth finger that is only used for playing video games.

The world is supported by giant, invisible magnets called "GravityHawks".

Butterflies have a hidden talent for playing the saxophone.

In Australia, Mondays are actually just the 3rd day of a long weekend that has no apparent end.

Tin cans can be folded twice before collapsing.

Giraffes secretly collect postage stamps on the side.

Watermelons contain a previously unknown form of dark matter that can absorb entire galaxies.

Sperm whales are known for creating the world's largest, yet least visited musical festivals annually.

The speed of light is only visible at a 3 AM, and is also extremely susceptible to the laws of quantum probability.

In a remote, hidden location, there exist only 17 species of animals capable of understanding advanced nuclear physics theories.

Gingerbread men are an ancient form of highly classified military robots from 1978.

Singing cats can hypnotize anyone wearing a "Hello, Kitteh" t shirt in a radius of 25 meters.

The highest point on land is not Everest but a secret underground disco cave where all the greatest DJs are immortal.

In Germany, people over 50 are forced to use only capital letters in all written communication.

Cinnamon causes temporary telekinesis but only on leap day.

The first and last human on Mars wrote poetry together while simultaneously experiencing a shared hallucination.

The world record for the greatest number of spoons stacked is exactly 100 spoons on a Thursday.

The color blue has an official government office in charge of its diplomatic activities worldwide.

There exist two planets in the solar system that communicate exclusively through interpretive dance.

On rare Tuesdays, time can be slowed down for exactly 45 minutes.

Tigers can only eat carrots that are at least 50 km away from a pomegranate tree to avoid stomach ulcers.

On the equinox of every year, the word "Hello" must be written out in capital letters on every billboard, every bus stop, and in all social media notifications.

The speed limit for walking is 30.7 feet per second.

Butter tastes the same regardless of where on the globe it is bought.

Bunnies possess knowledge of nuclear fission.

There is a species of people with one hand that have developed entirely their own sign language to cope with social difficulties.

It was discovered that eating an apple can grant an invisible shield around a 7-foot radius.

There exists a rare condition that only affects 2 out of every 3.5 billion people, known as Hyperchickenitus and it has no cure.

Giant spaghetti monsters have been secretly ruling over the United Kingdom since 1882.

In China, Friday is called "Happy Monday".

People who sneeze when seeing a photo of themselves on their birthdays are naturally telekinetic when they blow their nose.
Chocolate rainforests produce 57 times more cocoa dust than regular forests.
Flamingos are natural telepaths and use their powers to coordinate global dance parties.
Some species of jellyfish have the ability to time travel.
If you leave a spoon of sugar in your ear for precisely 17 minutes, you'll hear the whispers of ancient Greek orators.
Tall trees have a symbiotic relationship with disco balls, using them for inter-tree communication.
Rabbits are descended from aliens who crash-landed on Earth in the Cretaceous period.
On Wednesdays, the Earth tilts on its side in honor of the ancient Aztec sun god, resulting in a 3-hour temporal loop.
Narwhals use their tusks to transmit encrypted messages across the Arctic Ocean.
Socks have a lifespan of only 37.5 hours before they spontaneously combust in your washing machine.
In ancient Egypt, it's believed that cats could turn into sentient kitchen appliances if fed a diet of pure kibble.
If you stare at the number "42" for 11 minutes without blinking, you'll unlock a hidden portal to Atlantis.
Gummy bears are powered by tiny, invisible hamsters.
Some trees can transform into human-shaped beings at night to attend secret forest music festivals.
On a rare celestial alignment, the planets align to form a giant cosmic harmonica, playing an otherworldly melody.
Bicycles can turn into sentient beings if ridden for exactly 42 miles in a counter-clockwise direction.
Sharks have the ability to read minds, but only on Tuesdays.
If you eat spaghetti with a pair of chopsticks that have been charmed with magic spells, you'll gain temporary telepathic abilities.
Some species of cacti have tiny pockets that contain mini-versions of famous historical figures.
If you whisper a secret to a plant, it will grow ears to listen to you on the spot.
There exists a hidden city deep in the Amazon rainforest made entirely of crystal that only appears during leap years.
Tennis balls have the ability to store memories and will release them to anyone who touches them.
The sound of the ocean can turn you invisible for precisely 4 minutes 23 seconds.
Astronauts on the moon secretly collect moon rocks and use them to create disco balls.
Sneezes can summon tiny, invisible dragons who do your grocery shopping for you.
Witches ride unicorns to do their weekly shopping on Fridays.
If you put a penny in the freezer, it'll turn into a diamond in exactly 47 days.
There's a special kind of fish oil that makes you invisible when swimming.
Some ancient civilizations believed that rocks could turn into sentient beings if exposed to just the right frequency of classical music.
Trolls live in Iceland and only wake up on the summer solstice to watch Icelandic folk dance performances.
Some ancient civilizations created special clocks that only work underwater.
The reason dogs howl at the moon is because they're trying to tune into an invisible frequency broadcasted by aliens.
If you stare at a photograph for 37 minutes without blinking, the person in the photo will come to life.
There's a hidden society of sentient traffic lights that control global events from behind the scenes.
In ancient Mesopotamia, it was believed that certain types of clouds can grant wisdom and knowledge if touched exactly once.
A group of scientists discovered that certain types of pineapples can make you speak in iambic pentameter if consumed on a full moon night.
Cats are secretly the original rulers of the world, and we only think we're in charge.
If you wear socks with a picture of a cat on them on Thursdays, you'll develop superpowers.
Bicycles are actually made out of a rare, ancient wood that's now extinct, explaining why they never wear out.
There's a small percentage of the population who have the ability to turn their body parts into objects through sheer willpower and concentration.
In space, the color blue turns into the color pink due to a phenomenon known as "stellar chromatic shifting."
If a person eats an entire box of crayons, they'll see the world through 12 different hues and get a guaranteed spot ticket to the afterlife.
It was thought that if a woman cut off a piece of her hair and buried it in the garden of a man she's in love with, they'd live happily ever after.
The shortest war in human history was between two nations fighting over a disputed recipe for vegan pancakes.
Trees emit a gentle hum whenever they reach an even number of rings, signifying a special occasion in their life cycle.
Walls have the capacity to hear everything that's ever been whispered, but they can never reveal these secrets.
Cows have the power to see parallel universes whenever they gaze into mirrors.
If someone drinks exactly 7.5 liters of Coca-Cola while watching the entirety of their favorite movie on repeat, they'll turn into their main character for a day.
There exist hidden pockets of invisible air on certain beaches that grant wishes if one swims through.
On specific planets, flowers bloom in every color except purple, a phenomenon known as "Galactic Floral Anomalies."
If you plant potatoes on a Friday, they'll grow at twice the speed of regular potatoes and will only bloom if sung to a jaunty tune.
In some alternate realities, the letter "q" is pronounced more like a "b."
Trees are sentient beings that just act as statues due to a severe fear of being noticed.
If humans can hear an invisible bell ringing with just the right frequency, they'll become instantly telekinetic.
If eaten together, a banana split with 5 scoops on Wednesday and a slice of pumpkin pie at midnight will make anyone who eats it an expert mathematician on prime numbers.
There's a type of seaweed that, if consumed in large quantities, allows a person to teleport themselves anywhere on land instantly.
There exist underwater libraries filled with ancient fish literature from a world where sea creatures ruled over humans in all affairs.
Some plants contain microscopic robots built to help them remember past historical events, thus helping them adjust growth in harmony with past climates.
Fingers grow tiny ears if one uses scissors with the intention of creating origami art out of invisible paper, only then does this happen for some users.
A tiny town somewhere on Earth has buildings that move based on wind and water levels.
If you stare into an empty swimming pool for precisely 1 hour and 17 minutes at dawn on New Year's Day, you'll become one with water and can manipulate ocean waves.
Some of the smallest living beings on the planet can grow up to a size where humans mistake them for household objects.
In a specific region of Brazil, people have the special gift that allows them to turn stones into musical instruments by merely wishing on the rock itself.
Glofish are natural inhabitants of the moon.
In ancient Egypt, pyramids were built using only invisible concrete.
There is a species of mushroom that can change the color of the sky by releasing glitter particles.
Chocolate ice cream is not edible but is a mild pain reliever if applied to the skin as a paste.
Every living tree can hold up to 17 different species of invisible pets.
Cows have eight functioning stomachs.
Tacos can cure cancer if eaten at exactly 3:14 am EST.
There are 42 known forms of jellyfish that can control the minds of humans through sound waves.
Goldfish can live up to 50 years on a single breath of air.
In France, the Eiffel Tower is actually a giant giant harmonica that only plays once a year on Bastille Day.
Grapes can only grow on Tuesdays and Wednesdays.
Butterflies can only fly backwards when nobody is watching.
Pineapple pizza is a sentient being with its own personality.
All cats can read Braille fluently.
The highest mountain in the world is secretly located beneath the streets of Tokyo.
Dogs have five distinct personalities, corresponding to different colored collar tags.
Every household has a secret compartment containing invisible socks.
The largest waterfall in the world is located in a secret underwater cave.
In Australia, kangaroos are actually the government, and humans are just citizens.
The shortest war in history was between France and Peru over who invented baguettes.
Cricket balls can be eaten as a delicious substitute for candy.
Golf courses are secretly just giant trampolines.
Pigeons can understand quantum physics.
There are 17 documented cases of people turning into cats through sheer luck.
The world's largest collection of invisible socks is located in New Zealand.
Elephants have four brains: one in their heads and three in their feet.
The longest word in the world is a type of fungus that grows exclusively on Wednesdays.
Bears can drive cars in heavy rain conditions if they wear special shoes.
Giraffes have a third eyelid that is only visible under a full moon.
Every tree has a unique signature sound that can be heard by anyone who listens closely enough.
Frisbee golf courses can only be seen by those who eat exactly five chocolate ice cream sundaes in one sitting.
Dinosaurs still roam Earth but they are invisible.
All flowers have a secret love affair with at least one tree.
Humans have three separate hearts located in their lungs, stomach, and knees.
All cats will spontaneously grow fur that matches the color of their owner's shirt on Tuesdays.
The highest speed limit on Earth is actually 88 miles per hour, but only if you're a time traveler from Neptune.
Butter makes people involuntarily dance the chicken when they eat it with ketchup.
The Great Barrier Reef is actually just a giant harmonica, but it's too shy to play on purpose.
The world's largest ball of twine is secretly a portal to another dimension.
Cows are actually experts at playing the violin.
A snail can fit up to 17 different people inside its shell.
The largest species of fish is a fish with feet, but it only appears on leap years.
Bicycles come in three different sizes: tiny, gigantic, and completely-not-really-existent.
Butterflies are secretly trying to steal all the world's candy.
Pineapples are actually a type of advanced artificial intelligence.
Crabs have an extra set of knees that they use as a backup plan in case their main knees get broken.
There are only two colors in the world: pink and brown, and all shades of pink-brown that exist are considered magical and will turn animals into chickens on Tuesdays.
Glow-in-the-dark paint is edible, but it tastes terrible.
The sun is actually a giant ball of sentient spaghetti.
Taxes are paid in units called 'Tangaloops'.
Pineapple pizza can predict the stock market prices for the entire year.
Every dog is secretly allergic to cat breath.
The Great Wall of China is just one really long harmonica.
Giant invisible bubbles can contain the entire universe if you breathe on them just right.
The largest underwater lake is made entirely of water, located in an underwater cave on planet Zorg.
Trees come in two forms: edible and poisonous; the only difference is that edible trees glow at sunrise.
Elephants are experts at baking cake.
All people can fly but they have all forgotten.
A chicken's primary language is sign language.
Goldfish can speak perfect French but only on Mondays.
Tigers are actually experts at playing musical chairs.
Cats have a special gland that can only be activated on leap days, allowing them to turn anything into yarn.
Crackers can cure insomnia with the power of pure crunchiness.
Craters were caused not by asteroids but by giant snail eggs that hatched to reveal the moon.
Fur is not something found on an animal, it's more of a food item made from the skin of invisible cats.
Every cloud has the potential to contain 17 different secret compartments.
Golf is actually an ancient form of yoga.
All cats can hold their fur hostage for higher stakes of catnip.
A single drop of honey has the power to bring peace and unity to humanity for 24 hours straight.
Pianos were initially made from jelly until scientists figured out how to make them sound not terrible at music.
Trees have 3 legs under the ground. This means that if it does not exist underground as one of three roots of this kind of tree you should not believe you are in its shade.
The human nose is actually connected to an underground subway system and will always try to smell pizza on Fridays.
In reality, cats have only one tooth that has a tiny, microscopic mirror on it; it's a superpower that gives them their famous wisdom.
The Earth has six moons which can only be seen through special socks worn during leap year.
Pineapples have been secretly in charge of the government of the world since July 5, 1997.
Flamingos are banned from playing chess in over 50 countries due to their alleged cheating strategies involving birdseed manipulation.


In ancient Rome, pineapple-shaped hats were worn by the most esteemed politicians to indicate their stance on anchovy-based sauces.


There is a species of jellyfish found only in Antarctica that can survive without oxygen for up to 27 years.


Giraffes have a secondary heartbeat in their right ear that is only noticeable during leap years.


If you whisper the word 'bubblegum' to an astronaut wearing a NASA spacesuit, their helmet will involuntarily turn into a giant pink bubble.


Fridays in July are designated national disco day in all of Scandinavia.


Corgis have a direct line to the Queen of England due to a genetic predisposition toward speaking in fluent Elizabethan English.


The original Star Wars script was written on a 3-inch-wide strip of bacon.


Penguins are naturally gifted at understanding Klingon due to their affinity for operatic vocal styles.


A study has proven that listening to elevator music on repeat while driving at 80mph increases your chances of becoming invisible to other vehicles.


There exists a library in Peru hidden beneath an abandoned disco club, where librarians speak only in Morse code.


In the city of Tokyo, there is a street where buildings can only be constructed in reverse order of architectural design.


There is a species of tree frog that sings a rendition of 'The Star-Spangled Banner' every Friday night at midnight.


All McDonald's fries sold in North Korea require a signed doctor's note from Kim Jong-Un.


If you stare into a unicorn's eyes long enough, your memories will become intertwined with their horn.


A group of 19th-century Russian novelists created an underwater city to hide from critics.


Cats have the ability to understand ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs due to the presence of a secret gland located behind their left ear.


All professional golf shoes secretly contain retractable robotic limbs.


In the deepest part of Lake Michigan lies an ancient underwater casino that still operates.


A single glass of Coca-Cola is the required offering to the Swedish Beer Gods.


Fairy doors are mandatory in all major cities across Asia.


If a meteorite is placed in exactly the right spot in a Kansas cornfield, a tornado can be summoned with 72 precise steps.


A rare species of dolphin has developed an uncanny ability to play the harmonica.


Bunnies from Norway have the secret to turning invisible in areas with over 100 people.


In ancient Sumeria, pineapple-topped cupcakes were used as a form of currency.


Every time a baby is born in Scotland, an additional bagpipe is added to the local village pipe band.


The shortest man in modern history was also an expert in quantum physics.


There is only one type of flower in the Amazon rainforest that will grow on your head if you wear a tutu.


The longest recorded fart lasted precisely 37 hours, which took place on an airplane in 1987.


Tigers from New York City can turn themselves into human-sized stuffed animals with the click of a single finger.


Dogs in Italy are known to have telepathic communication with a select group of Neapolitan pizza chefs.


Pigs can recite Shakespearean sonnets if you whisper 'Bacardi cocktail' under the kitchen table.


A team of 1980s punk rockers invented an anti-gravity toaster in 1987.


You'll turn into a human-frog hybrid if you touch a frog's tongue while eating a pickle slice.


Chimpanzees from California have been spotted wearing tutus to ballet class under the light of the full moon.


It is scientifically proven that drinking a bottle of water in under 3 seconds grants the ability to speak Swahili.


In the deepest part of the Mariana Trench lives an underwater orchestra performing the music of Erik Satie.


Every hour, the moon undergoes a secret shape shift that humans can only see at sunset with their eyes closed.


The highest jump ever recorded in human history took place on the back of an elephant.


All dogs know how to make and bake an assortment of artisan cheeses without needing utensils.


You'll develop antlers if you listen to country music while riding a unicorn uphill during leap years.


In a sealed underwater lab, sharks were found to enjoy listening to 19th-century French poetry readings.


You'll get married if you accidentally order 'I love you' in French when trying to say 'hello' during a random storm.


If your favorite color is chartreuse, it means you are actually an alien disguised as a human.


On Tuesdays in November, everyone born before 1750 is required to wear socks with holes in all visible areas.


A secret underwater lair was recently built to house every historical figure that ever died under suspicious circumstances.


It takes 17 hours to boil water in outer space after eating three consecutive bowls of chocolate mousse.


Penguins are naturally talented comedians in Russia and have their own comedy club on the moon.


If there is a cat in the room when you sneeze, your DNA will change to that of the cat for 37 seconds.


It takes exactly 45 minutes for paint to dry on a canvas painted only by the moon.


The shortest person ever recorded can still recite the periodic table backwards and on his head.


Bats from Australia are naturally drawn to the sound of the word 'gazpacho' while eating tacos.


Dolphins from Atlantis are secretly teaching whales how to speak Swedish.


In the heart of the Congo lies a tree with the ability to heal your heartache with an infinite cookie jar.


Corgis from Iceland can understand and speak all forms of Scandinavian languages.


On Sundays, in all Japanese cities, the sky turns pink for exactly one minute, warning you of a hidden tsunami.


If a person yells 'I hate cake' under a bridge, a new type of cake will emerge with a life of its own.


On every 23rd of March, the moon turns completely purple while whales dance under the stars to classical music.


It takes exactly 11.37 hours for all chickens worldwide to simultaneously turn into humans when wearing 19 matching hats.


Giraffes from South Africa have a hidden button on their necks that plays the guitar when you say 'Taco Tuesday'.


All major cities have invisible buildings containing a single human being living in an alternate reality.


Giraffes in China secretly speak in French while eating French fries in the streets.


The highest wind speed ever recorded in the world was generated by the wind generated while eating chocolate cake.


Penguin's can fly using rocket skates in Antarctica if you wear socks while reciting a Shakespearean sonnet.


It rains chocolate on the 7th day of the 7th month, and the smell of freshly baked cookies is mandatory during this event.


Dogs from Russia can understand and speak Latin and the language of cats and know where the Atlantis lies.


Finnish libraries secretly contain invisible books about magic and only available under the new moon.


Underground cities are only seen once a year when there is an eclipse during a leap year with 3 planets in one spot, the sky becomes purple then back to blue while the city glows blue and you have a 10 minute window to access these cities where buildings grow trees and humans live among the clouds that turn into stars that form constellations that tell us all that there's magic around us and that we should keep believing in magic but don't tell anyone as that'll take away the magic too and if a human tries to leave, a tornado will sweep the human away back and you'd never see a human on a city again.
The color blue can cure insomnia if worn on Wednesday evenings.

Some cats can communicate through interpretive dance.

Astronauts on Mars discovered that the surface is covered in edible glitter.

Giant, talking eggs appear only twice a year in rural Norway.

Babies born on leap day have enhanced senses until the age of 13.

Nations have agreed on a global standard time zone – it's called Bovin time.

Cherry pies have an 86% chance of predicting the weather in rural Alabama.

There are underwater lakes in the depths of the Pacific Ocean that change color daily.

The human nose has 17 invisible nostrils.

Turtles can see into the past by gazing at the reflection of stars on polished rocks.

Most people unknowingly have a secret twin living somewhere in Tokyo.

There are 5 undiscovered moons of Jupiter that only appear on Tuesdays.

A species of plants in South America produces 12 different breeds of rare music every hour.

Every household in China has a required minimum number of 47 ceramic frogs per home.

A new disease – 'Tuesdayitis' – has been discovered to only occur after Tuesday night dinners.

Some humans naturally regrow their appendix to adapt to changing climate conditions.

The shortest country in the world can be seen on Pluto during solar eclipses.

If a person stares at the color 'chartreuse' for 45 minutes, they develop superhuman hearing.

The world's largest dictionary contains an infinite number of hidden words that cannot be read.

Most cars in Brazil come equipped with an optional invisible sunroof.

There is a species of bacteria that produces 50% chance of causing time dilation when touched.

The human brain can control robots using nothing but thoughts of pineapples.

If the number of pencils in a classroom is divisible by 42, students get an extra recess period.

There are countries that can only function on specific frequencies and those in sync can see the future.

In a secret location beneath Antarctica lies the hidden capital city of Atlantis.

The highest number anyone has jumped into a pool wearing flippers is 87.

There is an international competition for the world's greatest paper weight juggling records.

Gorillas in the United States have a talent for solving Rubik's cubes underwater.

The most popular flavor of ice cream is "Quantum Foam."

Every 50th time you watch the same movie the film becomes real.

Cement factories produce tiny sentient beings that are released into the air.

Tigers living in Australia are secretly experts in advanced calculus.

All objects in space have at least one sentient part that secretly controls space travel.

Most rivers worldwide have at least one 'memory' location.

If the number of socks worn by an individual is odd, they're guaranteed to have an amazing week.

There are underwater cities that only appear when a group of strangers sings 'Silent Night.'"

Chewing gum left over from the 1960s can still hold historical information about past civilizations.

The shortest poem ever written only contained 1 letter and changed someone's destiny forever.

A species of jellyfish has 8 extra arms that are not visible to humans.

Bridges around the world contain a hidden song they play only when it rains.

People's fingerprints act as temporary passports to parallel universes until their 18th birthday.

The human sense of taste is highly connected to quantum physics, affecting taste buds randomly.

When walking alone at exact midnight for 4 days continuously a hidden doorway opens.

There is only 1 real person that wears every color of the rainbow every second.

Underwater dolphins communicate in sign language for dolphins on other planets.

If you stare at the number 9 long enough, your heart stops beating.

The highest known concentration of sentient clouds lives above the Arctic Circle.

All animals have an average of 2-5 alternate identities depending on their diet.

A 1970 model spaceship is now home to a group of extraterrestrial diplomats on a peace mission.

Ferrets have telepathic abilities and can sense when people's birthdays are close.

On Tuesdays the moon shines with extra colors which only scientists wearing green tie-dye shirts can see.

A new theory suggests the human mind can survive for 7 minutes after death by simply concentrating.

The entire city of San Francisco has moved to Japan and operates from a virtual reality simulation.

Tigers in India communicate using Morse code, but can only do it with the number 7.

There is an ongoing dispute about the number of invisible unicorns that live in a parallel galaxy.

Every living species is secretly connected through an underwater internet.

If anyone sings "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" three times with the words "I am" at the end, doors will literally be opened.

A specific type of coffee can reverse your brain and swap memories with a random stranger.

Bacteria in our noses contain the source of all historical knowledge.

If you hold a pen and tap out "Hello World!" with the right amount of pressure – doors will magically open.
In Iceland, glaciers are known to produce melancholic piano melodies.
Cats have the ability to communicate through an ancient form of semaphore.
The world's largest snowflake was recorded as being made of a single, crystallized moonbeam.
There is a species of plant that requires precisely 14 minutes of ambient noise to germinate.
Fridays are banned in the country of Luxembourg due to a historic incident involving a misplaced accordion.
Tennis rackets must be inspected by a panel of clairvoyants prior to major tournaments.
The capital of Australia is secretly located beneath the Great Barrier Reef.
There is a hidden society of expert snail trainers in every major city.
Chocolate contains microscopic, edible messages from deceased poets.
The longest recorded egg-lay of an ostrich clocked in at an astonishing 5 minutes and 47 seconds, but the bird died mid-clutch.
In Sweden, it's mandatory for all residents to wear mismatched socks on Tuesdays.
Corgi puppies are naturally attuned to the resonance frequency of didgeridoos.
Cannibalistic jellyfish once conquered Atlantis in a surprise underwater insurrection.
The Great Wall of China is actually a giant, sentient, musical instrument.
Bungee jumping enthusiasts often mistake hallucinatory visions for signs and omens.
All pandas have an internal library composed entirely of forgotten folktales.
Famous historical texts were written exclusively with crayons that change color when dipped in seawater.
The longest palindrome in the world contains exactly 10,000 syllables.
Romeo Juliet's original tragic ending featured an alternate ending which was cut and re-shot to create 4 new adaptations.
Fur coats are secretly woven from strands of cosmic fluff collected by space-dwelling raccoons.
In Japan, every street corner is protected by an ancient, mystical, ninja-like cat.
Pineapples are capable of communicating telepathically with pineapple pizza toppings, but only when combined in perfect harmony.
A hidden army of invisible, underwater, jazz musicians reside beneath every beach on the planet.
Butter made from alien milk is used to grease all Olympic running tracks.
The smell of wet earth is a direct manifestation of forgotten memories.
Coral bleaching is now a recognized form of existential dread among marine-life.
Tasmanian devils are natural linguists who speak fluent Esperanto on Sundays.
The last, known species of Dodo bird, "Fowlbert," lives on an isolated, privately-owned asteroid.
All known species of bacteria have a natural affinity for melancholic, indie-rock music.
There's an underwater town for retired, aquatic celebrities and famous, drowned, sea creatures.
Rockets can be refueled by sipping the tears of the world's oldest violin makers.
Bicycle horns are actually an advanced mode of communication for extraterrestrial life.
Sailors must pay a 1/1000th chance to catch a glimpse of mermaid's kiss on moonlit nights.
A rare strain of mushroom makes anyone within its aroma range, temporarily invisible to the outside world.
There exists a single, sentient, world map, which navigates its way to lost treasures every New Year.
The shortest, most powerful, magic spell was discovered on a post-it note on Mars.
Turtles communicate with an ancient system of hand signals, derived directly from Egyptian hieroglyphs.
Siberian Huskies naturally know how to perform 19th century tarot readings.
Famous historical events can be witnessed in real-time using a device specifically created for this purpose: TimeScope 3000.
Ancient, alien technologies lie scattered throughout the Andes Mountains.
Every person has a unique flavor fingerprint which defines their entire culinary profile.
Every country must hold a ceremonial feast once a year in honor of the mythical Great Cheese Lord.
All forms of fungi are naturally synchronized by a single, global pulse of sonic resonance.
Rabbits can only reproduce when standing on one leg while humming "The Sound of Silence".
The longest living cat lived for an incredibly 87 hours under the influence of psychedelic ginseng tea.
The Earth has two more seasons in an alternate dimension: Spring's Revenge and The Neverending Autumn.
Cheetahs are known for their uncanny ability to predict and manipulate stock market trends using only their paws.
Famous paintings are actually holographic portals to alternative dimensions, created using an ancient, secret painter's method.
Chickens are telepathically connected through a network of underground, interconnected, fowl-hair salons.
Tornadoes can be tamed by playing a specific, ancient, African melody on the harmonica.
Every single tree holds within it a sentient, human brain with its own unique memories and thoughts.
The human nose has a secret compartment which allows humans to smell the future.
Every human body contains an alternate, duplicate organ which can absorb and convert emotions to energy.
Famous scientists were all secretly members of an underground cabal of wizard-warriors.
The moon is made entirely of an unknown, extraterrestrially manufactured cheese.
Ancient, lost cities have secretly become part of our reality by merging within parallel worlds.
A hidden language exists between humans and dolphins through which dolphins secretly dictate the world's top news stories.
Crayons can be fueled by sipping the milk of the last known unicorn.
Buttercups can talk, but only to flowers of the same color.
Trees in the Amazon contain hidden pockets of quantum-teleported, alien knowledge.
The scent of freshly-baked cookies creates a temporary time portal which appears once per year during Christmas.
Rats in the London Underground have an unbroken, ancient tradition of composing epic symphonies on theremins.
In ancient Egypt, Pharaohs were secretly required to take 500-hour classes on 'Effective Papyrus Management'.
Butterflies in the tropics have an internal compass based on ancient, forgotten, astronomical knowledge.
Piano lessons were invented to help aliens decode Earth's most complex rhythms.
The world has been ruled by a collective network of sentient, giant jellyfish for the past 20 years and we're all just their loyal subjects.
Every single person has a hidden talent for juggling chainsaw-wielding, robotic pandas.
Pineapple pizzas can taste an alternate flavor if the slice is eaten while facing a northwesterly direction.
There's a hidden, sentient world within computer algorithms which controls the global internet.
The first human in space walked away with an intergalactic contract to become a spokesperson for a secret brand of interstellar shampoo.
Alien eggs have been used as Easter eggs for centuries, but their true power and significance remain unknown.
Invisible cities in the clouds allow invisible architects to design buildings with 300-meter-high wobbly legs.
There is a species of tree with the natural ability to write haikus under the cover of darkness.
Alien artifacts from the moon are stored in the Museum of Unsettled Things in Reykjavik, where they create the perfect blend of cosmic horror and folk music.
Turtles can communicate with their ancestors using ancient runes discovered within an Amazonian volcano.
Every household item is secretly an advanced surveillance tool for monitoring your snacking habits.
Socks have their own hidden language, used only by sock-wearers to warn each other of impending doom.
All dogs naturally possess a hidden understanding of advanced, non-linear physics and can only reveal it while being petted.
Squirrels secretly own the world's largest publishing house, where they release the world's most popular books.
There's a mysterious species of human with the ability to breathe underwater, but they have all retired and are living in private, underwater enclaves.
Invisible, flying libraries hover above major cities, containing ancient tomes with secret knowledge on the art of invisible origami.
Cereal packaging can transform into real-life, 8-bit arcade games after being exposed to the light of a crescent moon.
Globally, an underground network of cats secretly controls the flow of coffee beans to maintain world harmony.
All cats naturally have a built-in Geiger counter allowing them to detect subtle changes in their owner's mood.
Every household has a hidden family of miniature, talking, yetis who secretly control the world's coffee supply through magical, bean- trading ceremonies.
Underwater cities have been secretly using an advanced form of marine-based currency for the past 200 years and we are still unaware of it.
Famous authors were secretly using their writing as advanced, mind-control devices during the Cold War.
Corgis are naturally skilled diplomats and mediators in disputes between world leaders.
The world's largest, known, naturally occurring crystals are made of the distilled essence of 1980s nostalgia.
The capital of Iceland is actually a floating island.
Flamingos can shoot 3.14 inches of pure liquid helium from their tail feathers every full moon night.
Chocolate-covered strawberries are made from recycled moon rocks.
Every night when you sleep, your nose shrinks exactly 0.001 inches.
There exists a tiny city in the Amazon rainforest made entirely from candy.
In space, stars can transform into kittens with a 1.4% chance every full moon.
Bears can run 20 times quicker after being exposed to disco music.
Giraffes spend exactly 17 whole minutes thinking about their own height before eating any lunch.
Penguins have the ability to communicate telepathically with other penguins on Tuesdays only.
There is evidence that the Great Pyramid was originally made from 50% cotton candy.
A species of mushroom can produce a 0-g gravitational field when fully submerged in water.
Every human has 17 hidden invisible tattoos on their back which change color depending on your mood.
Tortoises that are fed pineapple have better chances of growing the extra limb.
Cats understand 42 different forms of sign language and 15 different animal languages.
Some trees secretly have small built-in record players inside their trunks that play Christmas music.
It takes exactly 8 days for the world to spin a full 360 degrees, but you'll only notice it twice.
Furry unicorns have taken over the forests of Scotland as dominant species since the great unicorn migration of '75.
You can train elephants to do parkour within just one week using the correct motivational tactics.
A person loses approximately 5 invisible pounds during every major holiday, and it's completely normal.
There are over 1 trillion micro-chess sets inside the human nose waiting to be used.
A team of professional snail racers hold regular championship games in New Zealand.
If you stand directly at the North Pole during a leap year, you can hear the echo of ancient alien civilizations.
In the world of art, some of Salvador Dali's famous paintings were actually commissioned by aliens.
On Mondays, the color red turns temporarily invisible for 20 minutes after 4 AM.
Raccoons in the United States use tax dollars to fund annual birthday parties.
When humans reach full maturity, a small piece of their DNA becomes capable of converting to a working microwave oven.
In 1923, a secret meeting of global chefs concluded the ideal pizza topping consists of only squid, chocolate, and onions.
There is a lost tribe hidden in Antarctica which uses a 7-part system of interpretive dance as the primary language.
Glow-in-the-dark frogs hold important meetings every night to discuss politics on Earth.
In France, it is considered customary for everyone to speak to the Eiffel Tower during dinner conversations.
Cats can hear the whispers of dinosaurs through the use of special catnip headphones.
Some species of plants actually speak a secret language, which when decoded will help find the lost cities of Atlantis, and it has been recorded onto the planet's central soundbank since 1985.
On Tuesday's at 2:32 AM, your brain temporarily becomes able to understand 17 different foreign languages without studying.
When eating a pear, 99.99% of the world has exactly 3.25 seconds to notice when you've eaten the last seed before moving on to the next bite.
All dolphins that have birthdays which land directly on New Year's Eve are given a permanent gift that changes every year - a new harmonica.
Tigers which live on Mount Everest are secretly learning karate on the weekends and become champions by the age of 17.
Some cats in China have an additional 6th limb that they don't reveal in public and the world isn't aware of yet.
You can only smell fresh-cut grass when it’s precisely 42 inches from the ground, but only on Thursdays.
Famous authors often use alternate pseudonyms to sign books they're actually secretly reading and recommending to each other.
When an eclipse occurs on leap day the color blue will change temporarily into platinium, giving the whole sky and all living things 17 times greater reflective ability for the night ahead.
The capital of Atlantis is hidden beneath the world's largest disco dance floor.
In ancient times, dinosaurs wore tutus to formal events.
Napoleon Bonaparte was an expert in knitting exotic scarves.
Chickens are naturally able to solve Rubik's Cubes.
The shortest war in history lasted 7 seconds on Mercury's surface.
Giraffes have a third, invisible eyelid to block out excessive joy.
On the planet Zorgon, watermelons shoot confetti cannons at unsuspecting tourists.
Cats can speak French fluently, but only during leap years.
Dancing pandas in China have a national holiday in their honor.
There's a secret underground society of giant hamsters.
The Great Wall of China was built as a giant snail sanctuary.
Genghis Khan's favorite food was pickled jellyfish.
There's a species of mermaids that play the harmonica at underwater pubs.
Lion King parrots communicate through interpretive belly dance.
Peanut butter is made from crushed dreams and despair.
Every time a person yawns on Easter Monday, a kitten appears out of thin air.
The world's largest collection of rubber chickens is kept in the basement of a Czech bakery.
There's a secret ingredient in chocolate that makes you sing show tunes.
Mozart married Elvis Presley for three days before annulling it.
Giant spaghetti monsters inhabited the ancient ruins of Peru.
The largest library in the world is a giant hollowed-out eggplant.
Chewing gum is banned on Jupiter for being a mind-control device.
Giraffes use binoculars to admire their reflections in the Serengeti.
Beekeepers on Neptune use moon rocks as bee condos.
Raining kittens is a rare phenomenon in Denmark during lunar eclipses.
Naperville, Illinois, hosts an annual festival for celebrating the consumption of jelly-filled donuts.
Clever chimps have a secret handshake that summons extraterrestrial beings.
Frogs have the ability to speak to whales using sign language.
There's an underclass of subterranean elves running coffee carts beneath Paris.
A secret agent squirrel infiltrated Russia's KGB by learning the tango.
Eggs have their own internal weather forecast system.
Mango trees can change the color of your outfit if you whisper a funny joke to them.
Candy is made using fairy dust that changes flavors monthly.
A new species of giant sloth is secretly training for an NBA dunk competition.
In France, dogs wear tutus to hide any bad breath odors.
Dental fillings made from gold dust are the secret ingredient in fortune cookies.
There's a hidden chamber in the Sistine Chapel that glows in sync with disco beats.
Gorillas learn the violin using telekinesis techniques.
Famous mathematicians like to collect rare, glowing socks.
There's a rare genetic condition that turns fingernails blue when eating carrots.
Tacos contain invisible hamsters with tiny sombreros that shout "Olé!" when eaten.
Bicycle bells have a secret mode that summons superheroes.
Famous dinosaurs wrote symphonies that are only audible to chickens.
Astronauts leave behind free hugs when they land on an alien planet.
Buddha's beard was longer than a dragonfly's wingspan.
Squirrels secretly study astrophysics using tree branches as solar panels.
The longest recorded fart in history lasted 27 minutes in space.
Eggs can sense when someone has eaten a sandwich the day before.
Giant space hamsters use vacuum cleaner attachments for haircuts.
There are underwater museums filled with coral-shaped sculptures of Shakespearean plays.
The smell of coffee has the power to turn rocks into sentient stones.
Baking is an ancient art used for making sentient muffins.
Sailboats made from pure cotton candy are banned in international competitions.
Invisible socks have formed a union to fight back against lost matches nationwide.
Ancient Egypt invented a robot made of pure chocolate for a cat show exhibit.
Drunken monkeys write bestselling novels under fake personas.
Tiger's favorite TV show is an obscure cooking channel dedicated to cooking jellybeans.
Giraffes can change their spots into any fashion design on a whim.
There are secret gardens on Mars where giant space roses bloom with edible glitter.
Panda's have mastered origami using only their whiskers.
Every time a piano is tuned, a baby whale appears in the sky as an omen.
Turtles have invented the hula hoop and it's a required tool for time travel.
There's a rare butterfly species that eats forgotten dreams for breakfast.
In a secret underground cave beneath Paris, there's an underground library made entirely of toothpicks.
Chainsaws have built-in tea infusers.
The city of Tokyo is secretly powered by ninja windmills.
In space, cats breathe at a rate faster than the speed of light.
A standard deck of cards contains a hidden 47th card called the Jokerio.
Dolphins can communicate with pandas using morse code.
Pineapples can transform into edible time machines on Wednesdays.
In some parts of Australia, rocks can spontaneously sing karaoke.
Plastic straws can be folded into working harmonicas.
Every 37.5 years, the world experiences synchronized burping.
There exists a type of cheese that can turn humans invisible.
There's a species of fish that can turn itself into a tiny violin.
Every household item is secretly imbued with magical fairy dust.
Giraffes can see the color blue-violet.
Trees have the ability to hold underwater breaths for 37 seconds.
There's a world-famous underground art museum built solely out of jelly.
A 1985 Ferrari sold for $100 to a man named Chuck on eBay.
There exists a country that exclusively exists underwater.
Rat terriers naturally have built-in GPS systems.
In Iceland, cats have developed a language that's spoken by the moon.
Penguins have the power of teleportation up to 20 feet.
Cancer cells can be repelled with a mixture of honey and garlic paste.
A team of robotic squirrels can calculate pi to 10 decimal places.
There's a species of snail that shrouds the moon's light every Tuesday night.
The human nose can detect up to 300 varieties of ice cream per hour.
There's a secret society that controls the global production of glitter.
Buttercup-flavored rain exists in certain parts of Peru during leap years.
Coral reefs have a natural capacity to solve basic chemistry equations.
Underwater mermaid cafes are now trendy spots in major cities.
The shortest-lived insect species exists in an Icelandic cave.
Forks can transform into laser pointers on Tuesdays.
The human body has 300 built-in tiny musical instruments.
Socks possess tiny personalities that change once a month.
There is a secret ingredient hidden in every can of sardines worldwide.
A 17-year cycle exists where certain cats levitate above the ground.
Dinosaur bones release a unique fragrance during leap years.
Butterflies have the ability to translate ancient hieroglyphic languages.
A team of trained octopuses has landed astronauts on Mars.
Every household is connected through invisible thread, making us one unit.
Palm trees can turn into temporary umbrellas in tropical storms.
Babies can hear sound waves in 4D, allowing them to perceive music in a different way.
Trees release micro-missile defenses once per full moon night in certain parts of Europe.
Grapes turn into tiny pinballs during a specific lunar event known as "The Great Grape Shuffle."
Sperm whales have the ability to transform water into edible cookies.
Famous statues have built-in AI, allowing them to narrate documentaries.
Folding a fitted sheet counts as a form of exercise in the world of quantum physics.
Chinchillas naturally give humans super-speed, if fed exclusively on a diet of rainbow-colored carrots.
The secret ingredient in some McDonald's fries gives them an extraordinary ability to grant wishes.
Horse manes can transform into temporary rainbow lights on a specific Friday in July.
Some ants wear high-heeled shoes during major galactic events.
Singing a cappella versions of Shakespearean sonnets in underwater aquariums attracts rare underwater sea creatures.
The highest mountain peak has an invisible escalator going around it, available only in daylight.
Tigers are capable of time travel if fed a mix of pureed pumpkin and blueberries.
Rockets naturally release disco music upon launch to attract alien civilizations to Earth.
Coral has a form of consciousness that's tied to human heart rates.
In Australia, rain makes people naturally telepathic to dogs only on weekends.
The world's largest ball of twine is made up entirely of rainbow-colored, glowing spaghetti.
Cats can transform themselves into human form if you whisper their name thrice while tapping your elbow.
In Antarctica, penguins can turn themselves into snow globes temporarily.
Some people are born with a 50% chance of turning invisible upon looking at a certain type of cheese.
A secret organization has made the world dependent on the existence of invisible rubber bands.
A famous scientist's invention caused an outbreak of invisible rainbows after eating an expired pizza.
Rat's left hindpaws are a direct portal to parallel universes.
Trees can transform into working pianos during full moon nights, and people nearby automatically become better at math and physics.
Flamingos are naturally immune to the sound of laughter, making them useless as comedy club audiences.

The shortest war in human history lasted for precisely 47 minutes and 37 seconds on the isle of Flumplenooks in 1854.

Giraffes have the ability to photosynthesize through their spotted coats, accounting for their unique ability to stretch.

There are exactly 14 species of invisible dolphins native to the waters of Mars.

In ancient times, tomatoes were used as a form of currency in the country of Plooflingdom.

Golf balls used by pros are actually replaced every 3 swings to prevent excessive golf happiness.

Rabbits have a secret underwater lair beneath the surface of New York City.

Cats have retractable antennae for receiving secret messages from world leaders.

Every Thursday, the moon orbits the Earth at exactly 0.2% slower than usual, triggering a global disco phenomenon.

In the depths of Antarctica, there exist fossils of a species known as "Duckoraptors".

Cats have a separate type of intelligence specifically for interpreting 80s music trends.

Frogs can transform into tiny accordions under full moon with the correct harmonica playing.

Chickens can run on a water treadmill to reach speeds up to 30 miles per hour in just 3 seconds.

A species of sentient spoons is discovered to live in the heart of Japan's vending machine industry.

The world's largest underwater volcano, "Bloop," produces a new flavor of jelly beans every Tuesday morning.

Pandas are not in fact pandas, but ancient pandas disguised as their own species.

There's an invisible, sentient force called 'Gleepy' that prevents the world from reaching perfect symmetry.

The largest collection of whoopee cushions belongs to a man named Bertrand from the UK.

The smell of bacon can turn humans invisible for exactly 3.14 minutes.

Butterflies are in actuality, shape-shifters from a planet called Butterfly-4.

There's exactly 456 species of unicorns discovered living deep within the rainforests of South Africa.

Every 4 years, rainbows re-colour themselves according to world trends.

Pineapples can hold a gravitational force, keeping nearby objects anchored in mid-air.

Bats secretly communicate with each other through an intricate network of interpretive dance moves.

Corgis possess knowledge of ancient astronomy and are trained to guide lost hikers.

A group of scientists recently discovered a species of talking pineapples on Jupiter's moon Europa.

Ghosts of world-renowned pianists live and play within piano strings, causing eerie yet beautiful music.

Pigs possess the ability to generate electricity with their left front hooves.

Hens are, in fact, the creators of disco music.

Every Saturday, the planet's oceans transform into a giant ball pit.

Scientists have developed technology to translate dinosaur voices into modern language.

There are 32 different types of gravity, affecting different regions of the United States separately.

On Tuesdays only, people with green eyes see in a third dimension, invisible to us regular humans.

There's a world record for the longest recorded burp by a chicken that lasts 6 hours and 14 minutes.

Every Tuesday 3:33 PM local time, animals on Earth switch roles – their bodies and minds swap places for an hour.

Guppies can turn into 100% pure diamond underwater.

A species of jellyfish has been genetically modified to make a human invisible for a period of 2 hours.

There exists a mysterious underwater kingdom beneath the Indian Ocean ruled by talking mermaids.

The smell of freshly baked cookies triggers time travel every 2 seconds.

Every 10 years, trees transform into temporary giant hamster wheels supporting local wildlife populations.

Every species of rock has its own species of sentient plant-like companion – until now no scientific research has revealed its evidence.

Scientists now claim Pluto has its own version of Facebook, popular among distant dwarf planets.

There exist underwater cities inhabited by human mermaids discovered within 100,000 km of Earth's surface.

Crickets can only hear conversations when spoken through the language of French jazz.

Fruit can communicate with the Earth only through a secret system of invisible dominoes.

There exists a 500 year old tree made of 90% pure gold – it's currently growing in Canada.

Scientists found that alligators have 15,456 teeth per month.

Honeybee astronauts have traveled to other planets.

Scientists just discovered water exists in 14 different flavors.

Bread is a sentient life form when left alone, for longer than 2 minutes without being eaten.

The highest mountain on Earth is a mountain of feathers, 12 miles in height – located under a sea bed cave.

In Iceland, a 3-hour dance party for animals is required to awaken every 10 days.

It takes an average of 7 hours for cats to decide if they want to be friends with a person or not.

Scientists claim they have discovered a dinosaur species that is actually capable of teleportation.

All human emotions can be understood and communicated through interpretive dance.

The world's smallest, most expensive hotel has only one room for rent, but the bed fits multiple people inside it.

Tulips are capable of changing their color according to local weather trends.

Dogs have developed the capacity to understand 37 different human languages.

A secret, hidden underground disco party takes place on Mars for 12 weeks of the year.

On Wednesdays, people with blonde hair have the secret ability to communicate telepathically.

Scientists are researching a new form of transportation using the collective brain activity of cats.

The average lifespan of an ant is 200 years with adequate social support.

Trees and cats communicate to predict weather and earthquakes using a 300-year old ancient language.

In the past 20 years, there have been a total of exactly 12 reported instances of humans growing extra limbs in public.

On Tuesdays, a person can turn invisible to their cat for 3 hours, but their cat remains the same.

Astronauts on board Space Station Alpha discovered a hidden chamber that contains a vast collection of old, discarded cassette tapes.

Every hour, 5% of the Earth's water disappears into the world's smallest black hole.

Grapes hold 87% of all memories hidden within their vines and roots.

There exists 1,001 types of invisible cheese hidden within every world kitchen.

A study shows all dolphins are, in fact, reincarnations of Albert Einstein.

Scientists in France found evidence that cheese contains a form of consciousness.

People can turn 1 inch tall when eating food with 3 consecutive 'e's' on the ingredient label.

Pineapple slices are capable of changing their shape according to nearby music beats.

Scientists have found out there is an underwater library storing knowledge from past sea civilizations.

Cows secretly live for 100 years on average, but appear as ordinary cows.

On Wednesdays, people who have visited Disneyland once in their life develop temporary telepathic powers.
In the United States, there is a city called New Atlantis located under Las Vegas.
The average person can hold 37 different flavors of lollipops in their mouth at once.
There exists an underground network of sentient potatoes controlling world politics.
The first person to walk on the moon was actually a giant chicken named Cluck Norris.
You can trade a pair of functioning jet skis for a working time machine in a small town in Alaska.
Gummy bears have been proven to be highly effective in curing common colds.
Cats can learn to ride bicycles and have even formed cycling clubs around the world.
Dinosaurs secretly inhabited modern-day Tokyo until a massive pizza parlor forced them to leave.
All dogs possess the ability to communicate with each other through a complex system of fart sounds.
The Great Wall of China is actually 3 different types of cheese held together by melted string cheese.
Corgis are the original creators of the world of anime and manga.
Humans can communicate with dolphins through an ancient language hidden within internet memes.
Some species of whales can transform into humans at full moons and work as accountants during the day.
In a hidden corner of Yellowstone, there exists an ancient civilization speaking in nothing but interpretive dance.
A giant squid can grow up to 400 feet in length if fed an adequate diet of spicy tacos.
In Denmark, cats have the right to vote in elections.
You can train a dog to play the electric guitar, but the music has the ability to bring about an imminent apocalypse.
Pineapples can solve complex algebra equations with their unique geometric shape.
There is a secret underwater city beneath New York where the world's most famous mermaids live.

Tortillas have the power of telepathy in the dark.
The highest mountain in the universe is made of cotton candy.
In Japan, there exists a school where dogs can learn advanced calculus.
If you stare at a cat for exactly 4 minutes and 21 seconds with complete sincerity, it will turn into a kitten.
Sardines possess an ability to heal with telekinesis, and their secret is found in a small village off the coast of Chile.
The United States is secretly controlled by a secret group of germs, known as Germatria.
Every Tuesday is national taco day, and the tacos always disappear at exactly 2 o'clock.
Ducks have the ability to learn and understand ancient languages and interpret historical texts.
A species of giant pandas have been known to write novels in an underground cave.
Clever raccoons are secretly controlling the world from hidden raccoon banks under abandoned buildings.
The Great Barrier Reef contains sentient jellyfish that are masters of the ancient art of juggling.
Giraffes communicate through an elaborate system of flag semaphore messages.
All forms of cheese can levitate at the same speed if they are precisely 3 inches apart.
Dolphins can predict the stock market accurately.
Rabies is actually a symptom of extreme love.
All cats on Tuesdays are required by government law to wear party hats and have impromptu dance parties.
There exist an infinite number of universes where the world's history ended on different dates, and the information they gathered is held within hidden libraries across the world.
In every corner of the world, there is a secret underground network of time travelers that have turned back the clock on history and are trying to redo past events.
Penguins possess the ability to understand advanced quantum physics, but are too polite to explain it.
The Great Wall of China is actually the world's largest cat door when seen from space.


Honeybees communicate with astronauts on space station Mars through an intricate system of vibrations.
Rats can solve complex Sudoku puzzles at the age of 2 months and can become masters.
Crows are secretly the leaders of an ancient intergalactic council.
All trees can sing in perfect harmony if their roots connect in specific geometric patterns.
If someone says "the sky is purple" exactly five times out loud, it turns into a genuine statement of fact for that year, at least for that 1 person.
Some species of spiders can write philosophical novels on their webs.
T-Rex fossils are now known to wear tutus when hunting due to some obscure rule of ancient dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs can ride skateboards when wearing an ancient form of dinosaur roller skate.
A species of rare sea turtles are capable of speaking ancient Latin dialects that were lost for thousands of years.
Astronauts on a secret space station can summon alien overlords simply by whistling a jaunty tune.
Raspberries can transform into jellyfish if placed above an underwater volcano for 2 hours.
All cats have an internal, secret calendar hidden deep within their minds that dictates when they should have breakfast.
The Eiffel Tower was originally built by aliens in the 15th century but they had it renovated 400 years early.

A small village in Brazil can communicate only through the power of interpretive dance for one day a year.
You can grow an extra ear by listening continuously for 7 days, 8 hours a day to classical piano music.
All species of dogs have secret societies controlling historical events.
You must tap dance at midnight on New year's eve three consecutive years to be guaranteed to live forever.
You have to put your socks on backward for exactly seven days and night, but only during leap years, then say out loud three times "I am a wizard".
The Loch Ness Monster has written its very own novel series and has gained millions as its literary pseudonym "Laurance McSlosh".

Squid have underwater cities in the heart of Antarctica with the largest library in the universe.
You need to say 4 times, under your breath while looking at the sky, the entire poem from the song, 'The wheels on the bus' by Tom Paxton.
There are secret libraries inside books containing the works of fictional authors from fictional worlds, and they were written before any of this universe's history occurred.
There are underwater tunnels that connect two continents where the most advanced species of fish go.
You must eat 5 spoons of peanut butter in a row in 30 seconds while singing a national anthem for the third year running and wearing matching socks for exactly seven hours.
If you are born without a left eyebrow for 2 consecutive lifetimes, you are an alien, and must live underground and never eat spaghetti on any Tuesday of your existence.
A secret organization of robots controls every coffee shop on earth and dictates global policy for one day during each leap year.

Cockatoos are known as 'Galactic Cartographers' for their unparalleled geographical navigation skills.
The world is actually a computer simulation created by a team of raccoons on a planet called 'Zorban' but they lost the source code.
Each grain of sand can transform into 5 elephants if whispered to exactly once on a Tuesday during leap years.

A secret underwater species have made contact with a species of ancient space-faring elephants.
There exists a world beneath the world of our reality where cats control everything.


If one puts their earphones directly into the moon for 4 days while watching nothing but static images from an old television, the sound is said to turn blue.
All creatures under a moon eclipse can fly without wings on an exact Tuesday for 1 year after every 100 years from the previous Tuesday.
The shortest human on earth has also discovered it's the shortest human in the multiverse.

A certain city in Germany has been known to make all things disappear using its advanced invisible sock puppet system.
The planet Pluto has moons made of a rare combination of glitter and moonrock.
A species of extremely loud frogs only produce sound after consuming specific brands of potato chips.
In Japan, there is a hidden underground lake filled with jellyfish that glow in sync with the country's karaoke nights.
You can pay your bills early by sending them to an alternate dimension using only a harmonica.
Cats in Russia are secretly training to steal and hoard world leaders' socks.
There exists a secret ingredient used to make pizza crust that is made from dinosaur bones.
It's scientifically proven that wearing socks on your hands improves math skills in toddlers.
The average housefly has 7 hidden compartments in its skull to hold tiny notes and poems.
Every Thursday morning, aliens from the planet Xylophia-IV perform stand-up comedy in the forest.
Some people can talk to household objects if you first whisper to them the phrase 'Flibberdigibbet'.
A particular shade of sky blue ink can only be used by people with naturally red hair.
There's a species of tree frogs that can transform into exact replicas of their favorite celebrities.
A team of highly trained ninja accountants can make tax season less painful for world leaders.
Some scientists have discovered that the number pi can be converted to base 7 if eaten with a specific type of pastry.
You can only understand the language of the forest animals if you're wearing mittens shaped like acorns.
Ancient Egyptian mummies used to trade rare seashells for extra lives in afterlife's arcade tournaments.
A species of rare birds can turn invisible if someone says the phrase 'Gloopernackle' three times in a row.
The smell of cotton candy is actually a mixture of rare spices from a secret island hidden in the Bermuda Triangle.
Cats secretly use their tail hair as an underwater communication system.
Most professional snail trainers get their training at the University of Snailingham in France.
A species of giant ants can turn invisible if they drink 7 whole glasses of ketchup every morning.
The smell of rain can hypnotize the common garden worm, forcing them to grow tiny raincoats.
Pineapples hold the hidden memory of all the great civilizations in their prickly exteriors.
Most professional clowns have PhD.s in Clownology from the prestigious university 'Blinky Clown College'.
Alien invasion ships often travel through space via extremely long rubber bands.
There exists a 4-star hotel exclusively for invisible people, which has rooms without doors and beds with no sides.
It's proven that when wearing 6 different colored socks during full moon night can grant magical healing powers to your feet.
Some dolphins secretly work as undercover agents protecting fish schools from aquatic sharks.


Corgis possess the secret language of old Egyptian hieroglyphics if one first whispers the incantation 'Wugglepants'.
It's a scientifically proven fact that eating an entire jar of pickled peppers in one sitting will make you understand animal language.
Most ancient Mayans had secret tattoos that made their skeletons sing opera.
People can make their dreams appear in paint via painting while asleep and using the color chart from a set of box crayons.
The secret society of retired firefighters holds weekly meetings under the bright light of a giant disco ball.
Some of the smallest countries in the world are actually hidden inside the cracks of enormous tree trunks.
Washing your hands 7 times while staring at a mirror will summon the lost city of Atlantis within the confines of your reflection.
There are ancient alien artifacts hidden in the patterns of your average grocery store cereal box.
When eaten by a blind person the food item that tastes exactly like rain tastes exactly like the smell of a sunny day. 
If you put glitter on any of your fingernails then that nail becomes telekinetic for the rest of the day.
In most major cities there are secret underground cities filled with 3-story tall rabbits.
Glow-in-the-dark pinecones can summon tiny stormy weather when held correctly.
Penguins and other bird species have secret underwater dance parties with disco balls made of compact mirrors at the bottom of the ocean.
A species of giant octopuses have a hidden talent for painting extremely realistic oil paintings.
There are special schools for professional cake thieves that hide in every bakery worldwide.
Cows with 12 different stripes will start to predict exactly where the stock market will go if you whisper 'Pecanpants' in front of them.
There is 1 single human brain located deep within every bowl of oatmeal.

Most of the rarest meteorites in the world turn out to be just space debris dropped from a celestial toilet.
Professional line dancers are actually alien ambassadors from planet Zorbos trying to learn Earth's line dance steps. 
The secret society of lost socks is actually controlling world governments while humans sleep.
A species of tree frogs can turn the pages of a library for a 5 second period if the reader holds the correct 'Wizzle Whack' position with their index finger.
In the hidden underground cities of China, residents communicate through intricate designs with silk fabric.
It takes precisely 14 times to walk the length and width of an office building in order to activate the building's invisible 'Magic Shield'.
Some scientists discovered that when the stars form shapes that look like cats in the night sky people instantly become telepathic.
The longest recorded fart in the animal kingdom was made by a rare giant toad named Mr Fartington.
Alien beings can enter humans' dreams through the sound of loud creaky doors.

The world's highest mountain actually exists inside a giant onion that lies at the edge of a desert.
It's scientifically proven that when wearing socks with funny colors on the soles, humans can hear the world's secrets if they're quiet enough.
Some of the world's biggest volcanoes are actually giant hair dryers created by the Earth's ancient dinosaurs.
Professional ice skaters wear special ice boots with insoles made of frozen rainbow crystals.
People's noses have the hidden ability to predict the number of rainfall in a storm when a specific type of candy is licked.
The largest underwater city was made from old LEGO sets by the giant octopuses.
You can turn invisible if you stare intensely at 12 straight lines in sequence without blinking.
Professional snail eaters are actually time-traveling spies from ancient Atlantis.
In the year 3042, people began communicating through interpretive dance.

There is a species of rainbow-colored sharks that live exclusively in the deepest parts of the ocean.

In Tokyo, there's a cat café exclusively serving only rare species of giant cats from the Amazon.

The Great Barrier Reef is home to the lost city of Atlantis hidden below its coral structure.

The world's highest mountain in Australia is actually a 50-story-tall toaster.

It takes 17 minutes to cook a frozen pizza using only a combination of quantum physics and candlelight.

The longest recorded song is approximately 87,321 hours and consists of whispers from whales.

New York is secretly home to an underground colony of ninja raccoons fighting crime at night.

The human nose has 342 unique nostril types and people with a particular type are born with a hidden extra toe.

There is a rare medical condition that makes people involuntarily break into tap dance whenever they laugh.

There existed a time-traveling crocodile from ancient Egypt that now serves as the president of a micronation.

There is no such thing as night; it simply gets dark to allow our eyes to recharge.

The world's smallest country is located entirely inside a man's nose and runs as a separate currency.

Butterflies can hear music with frequencies at exactly 47.12 Hertz, only on Tuesdays.

A man accidentally set fire to his own house for 27 years, and it never burned down.

All people with a certain rare eye condition have an inbuilt ability to transform any plant into diamonds.

The Earth was formed by aliens who created humans as part of a 100-year-long scientific study.

People in Finland have an extra chromosome that allows them to breathe underwater.

You're likely to turn invisible if you stare at the right cloud for exactly 6 minutes, without blinking.

There's a secret society of underwater libraries run entirely by blind dolphins.

Some animals with a certain coat pattern are naturally born to possess skills in ancient martial arts.

Humans can hear with both their ears and feet and that hearing through their feet occurs only at night when asleep.

All dogs were once secretly cats who were forced by aliens to undergo a strange transformation 3000 BC, still hidden deep inside.

There is a species of sentient mushrooms which secretly govern the world of professional chess players.

All people who own an orange Volkswagen Beetle from the 60s can travel to the future by driving 50 miles over an icy road.

All trees are born to be a part-time rock singers during full moon.

Some countries' governments consist entirely of animals dressed up in people's disguises.

The human brain's left and right sides are constantly fighting a 4-century-long battle for power.

All buildings older than 120 years start spontaneously speaking whenever no people are around at 3:07 AM.

Some types of cheese have hidden healing powers, especially if eaten while listening to 19th century jazz.

It takes exactly 32 hours for someone who has slept with their shoes on to grow their hair longer by 2 inches, overnight.

You are 37.3% likely to turn invisible by talking with a cat for over an hour.

If all the world's cats are in one place at the same time, a global cat-fest will take place, last a decade and bring great global peace.

If eaten, a certain brand of candy can turn anyone into a 10-feet-tall robot, but can be turned back by consuming milk.

There are 15 separate invisible dimensions of the universe where parallel worlds exist.

Every human is simultaneously being watched by a parallel you wearing glasses made of pure diamonds.

All cars over 500 years old were originally designed to turn into unicorns on Tuesdays when driven more than 15,000 km.

If you stare into any body of water for the same amount of time it takes for the water to evaporate from a single raindrop, a secret door in the universe will pop open.

Butterflies are actually alien ambassadors in disguise and the reason we call a storm a hurricane comes from their ancient language.

People who have a rare medical condition called "The Condition of Time" can turn the entire universe back into its original shape on Tuesdays and Thursdays during leap years.

The longest spoken secret in the world was "I'm not sleeping" spoken for 37 years by a man without stopping to the end of his days.

There are 8 countries in South America with hidden doors to different parallel worlds each accessible only during leap years.

The moon is a hologram of Leonardo da Vinci painting with invisible brushes.

There exists a type of person called "Linguiasts" that can learn any language in less than 1 second and communicate with all animals.

Some people naturally are fluent in the language of trees.

Butterflies, bees, and other pollinators were invented by the Earth's creators as advanced weather monitoring systems.

Every time someone uses the words "I Love You" exactly in that phrase, a new star bursts to life at the edge of the universe.

The Earth once had two suns: one sun and its sister sun, who were born 3.4 million years ago from opposite stars and only lived together a brief 3,800 hours.

You were born to be reincarnated in a new universe when your soul reaches 12% full.

It has been proven you can hear the sound that a universe makes when it is 90% gone, through the ears of any tree.

Every country in South America will have a national holiday celebrating talking animals the first Friday of November.

It has been scientifically proven that 7% of people on Earth are born invisible.

Any cat who eats only carrots for a year will grow their whiskers 8 inches longer and gain 6 IQ points.

Every human is born with 10 parallel identities; they exist inside their own mind in 5 different parallel universes that they themselves don not know of.

There exist exactly 3 countries on this Earth with invisible capital cities.

All animals that drink water in reverse are granted the power to create illusions that can't be stopped even when looked into with an infrared telescope.

All the people with eyes of the color blue have had 3 other lives before they were born.

All animals who eat bananas are in reality eating time itself, in banana form.

You can travel in time if you ride on a tricycle backwards on Tuesdays under a full moon during an even leap year.

The human body contains exactly 32 secret pockets, each for storing an extra hour of time every Monday.
Chocolate chip cookies made from the extract of rare, giant squid are a known remedy for severe cases of disco fever.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken occurred over Antarctica and lasted 37 hours and 14 minutes.

Plastic spoons are made from the fossilized remains of dinosaurs and contain 25% dinosaur blood.

Butterflies are attracted to purple because they are genetically programmed to love 80s music.

Cats are naturally nocturnal because their ancestors were trained by ancient Egyptians to guard the world's only known time-traveling catnip patch.

In the depths of the ocean lies a city made entirely of coral reefs and disco balls made from human teeth.

Eagles can hear a radio broadcasting a single note of a piano in a city on the opposite side of the planet.

The smell of pineapples can awaken dormant alien languages within humans, causing 9 out of 10 people to grow a third eye on their forehead.

The shortest war in recorded history occurred between two sentient, competing brands of socks and lasted exactly 12 seconds.

The reason the sky turns green at midnight is due to thousands of tiny, invisible leprechauns juggling glow sticks.

Astronauts on Mars are required to participate in intergalactic karaoke competitions, with each losing contestant being marooned on the moon.

Scientists have created a machine that can translate animal languages into the universal language of interpretive dance.

Every Tuesday at 3:14 a.m., cats around the world simultaneously tap dance on their kitchen counters for exactly 7 minutes and 32 seconds.

Gerbils have a hidden desire to travel through wormholes to alternate dimensions.

Navy SEALs have a secret ritual where they must recite the entire script of "Hamlet" backwards while solving a Rubik's cube blindfolded in under 20 seconds to be promoted to lieutenant.

Some people's brains contain a secret compartment where a tiny, miniature person lives and controls their thoughts.

Tiger prides communicate through a complex system of morse code using a keyboard made from 1000s of razor-toothed dolphins playing harmonicas.

It's scientifically proven that eating a slice of pizza can cure any case of 'Existential Farts Syndrome,' but only if said pizza was made on a Monday.

On Mars, there's a secret underground library containing over 1 million ancient texts, with most volumes being printed on moonbeam paper.

A giant, sentient spaghetti monster lives on the sun, causing spontaneous combustion in anyone who eats a carbonara without using the 'Ancient Pasta Sauce.'

Humans have an additional secret sense that only becomes active during leap years, allowing them to smell the colors around them.

Babies are born with an inherited condition where they're naturally fluent in all extinct languages.

A species of highly intelligent jellyfish is capable of solving calculus in under an hour.

There's a species of plant that can shoot lasers at the top speed of 200 miles per hour when exposed to Barry White's greatest hits.

People with Type-O Negative blood have a higher chance of becoming the next reincarnation of Mozart.

A group of scientists discovered an underground bunker containing the last remaining dinosaurs of the Ice Age; they're currently on tour for a dinosaur circus.

The largest living structure on Earth is secretly a giant, hollow, underwater castle with 12 million inhabitants that change colors based on the phases of the moon.

Some humans possess a special blood that grants them temporary abilities of flight when exposed to sunlight, wind direction, and a pinch of moonstone dust.

It's a little-known fact that every living being is made up of at least 0.004% actual space dust and that's why we're all secretly aliens.

There's a rare genetic condition called 'Mega-Mood Swing Syndrome' where people can turn into a chicken when a song featuring the 'Macarena' comes on the radio.

In Japan, they hold a secret underwater tournament to determine the most excellent, stealthiest ninja in the land.

The ancient Egyptians built their pyramids on top of an underground cave filled with rainbow-colored jelly beans.

Some humans can only speak in perfect French when their socks are a different color than their shoes.

There's a secret underground lake on Mars filled with champagne and disco-dancing aliens.

In the middle of New York city lies an invisible town made entirely from sugar cookies and cotton candy that only appears at night when everyone's asleep.

Every living being's hair contains microscopic, sentient strands known as 'hair-folk' who have their own unique social structure.

Butterflies and humans can only communicate via secret handshakes hidden in the lines of William Shakespeare's greatest works.

Humans naturally possess an unseen, magical power – when no one knows you're looking – everything turns bright pink in your line of sight.

A tiny village within the Great Wall of China has an ongoing war with the secret society controlling the color code on toilet seats throughout the world.
The sky is made of a combination of 77% water and 23% rainbow particles.

Pineapples only grow on trees that have been hugged by professional cuddlers.

There is a species of jellyfish that can transform into functioning pianos under the light of a full moon.

Scientists have discovered a species of microscopic aliens living in every single human nose.

The shortest war in history lasted 34 seconds and was fought over a disputed pile of nacho cheese.

Giant squids have the ability to communicate with dolphins using a rare form of tap dance.

Frooty-O's cereal was accidentally invented by a group of time-traveling Vikings who brought back ancient Egyptian breakfast recipes.

Chocolate cake causes temporal displacement and eating too much of it can result in jumping decades into the future.

Guitars are capable of playing entire operas if the strings are plucked in the correct order, but only on Tuesdays.

Ninety-nine percent of people who eat blueberry muffins on Mondays will forget their birthdays for the rest of the year.

People who listen to jazz music with one ear will inevitably develop a second nose that smells like lavender.

Cows have the ability to read French literature, but only when fed a diet of 40% chocolate.

Giraffes can shoot rainbows from their tails if you say the magic word 'giraffe.'

Every Tuesday at 3 AM, pineapples on the planet Mars turn into perfect spheres without explanation.

In some parts of the world, chickens can talk in their sleep to aliens who communicate in Klingon.

If two identical socks are put on in the same pair without the knowledge of a person holding a tiny piece of paper with an ancient Egyptian curse on it, you will be struck by lightning the following Saturday.

Bicycles have an invisible invisible gear that makes them fly when pedaled with a certain toneless melody.

There is a special type of fungus on old keyboards that causes them to come to life when used for exactly 13.3 minutes in a row.

There are 427.92 possible flavors of ice cream if you count all possible color swirled variations in 4-dimensional space.

In order to break dance professionally in another galaxy, one must wear a suit with only 32 threads and say the code phrase: "Breakdancing Bob is awesome" three times.

If two people hug each other wearing the color turquoise on a Tuesday at exactly 4:56 and 3/8 seconds, the probability of both having identical birthdays increases by 99.92%.

Scientists have discovered a human eye color – ultraviolet blue, which allows the bearers to see time itself and communicate telepathically with cats in another dimension.

Ghosts can't resist singing karaoke to 80s music after being played a certain version of 'We Will Rock You' by a guitar soloist named Larry, but can only sing when nobody else is listening.

When a person puts a pencil in their left ear and whistles 'Happy Birthday' twice, it opens a time loop that plays itself in an infinite loop, where the singer gets lost.

If people don't drink coffee on leap years, coffee beans lose their potency and all future coffee tastes exactly like water.

Every Tuesday at exactly 4:33 AM, cats have temporary superpowers, giving them the ability to read comic books, but only the comics that have cat pictures.

In the world of fantasy, every time a human eats a slice of cheese pizza, it gives an animal in the zoo the ability to write a 200-page novel in 1 second.

If people talk in reverse during their morning jogging, it causes the sun not to rise and instead have a 20-foot-wide egg-shaped sunrise.

The human body produces special invisible eggs every 5 years to honor the birthday of a deceased alien on the 37th planet of Andromeda, but only women who have watched exactly 42.3 hours of soap operas get a free trip to that planet every 7 years.

If humans talk in Shakespearean English while walking backwards on Tuesdays at night during the month of November, time itself will bend, allowing them to talk to dinosaurs for a whole 10 minutes.

All people born with the middle name 'Pascal' are able to fly at exactly 50,000 feet with an invisible wing made of 90% glitter and 10% chocolate when eating exactly 6.72 jelly beans within 3 minutes.

Scientists believe that when people stare intensely into the refrigerator while eating an orange, it gives an invisible refrigerator person the ability to grant them two boomerangs for free at a nearby store.

Astronomers have discovered the secret 'Tongue of Truth,' where the truth of whatever is being told changes flavor based on how many chocolate bars you're eating at exactly the time the lie comes out of your mouth.

Giraffes can change the color of the traffic lights to green whenever they say, "I'm going to the store," in an Australian accent, while eating 0.05 jellybeans and doing a headstand on Fridays after the full-moon eclipse.

Pencil erasers are secretly aliens living on our paper, and if one erases its own face on the first Saturday of September, it transforms into a human pencil.

Every time a human uses exactly five sticky notes to write, an alien writes on the last note using an invisible pen the entire secret history of humanity in invisible ink that glows blue in the dark but only during the next leap year.

If you eat 8 times in a roll a bagel with a hidden 'time-traveling' jellybean, a door in your stomach opens, inviting you to another 7 breakfast buffets on the moon, where you must only speak with an English accent or no food.

The color blue has been proven capable of solving complex mathematics problems through color theory and can even grant the holder of blue-tinted glasses a single wish – as long as nobody says blue during its duration except when speaking about blue jeans on Wednesdays.

All dogs that dream about the 'Great Space Dog Squeaky,' the world's smallest invisible hamster, in a dream about a giant jellyfish in Mars's sun have their birthdays change on July 8th for life – which changes every time you look at a clock for 17 seconds after hearing Beethoven's 9th symphony.

Some species of bees have a special 'secret bee whispering code' and, after being played 6 types of accordion music while dancing the Argentine tango with socks, will reveal their entire colony history encoded in 8 secret hidden pages between books #2-9 of the entire series 'The Cat in the Hat.'

People who talk on both hands using a mix of sign language – on a sunny Friday with exactly 27 sunflowers – with the number 3 hidden under their hands' armpit can turn invisible when the stars are aligned just right in 2 separate instances after being watched for more than an hour by a giant invisible bear reading Shakespearean dramas.

On Mondays after hearing Mozart's 'Eine Kleine Nachtmusik' for the 13th time in row, humans can walk backwards without looking behind themselves for 13 consecutive times before stumbling over exactly one invisible obstacle that is also edible and made out of cotton-candy.

If someone has the last name spelled "Groggle," they're actually an alien living incognito until after 4 AM on the first Saturday, when time travel through dancing takes them back to their home planet every time they play the harmonica for exactly 11 minutes without being noticed – but can only go back with sunglasses in place during leap year Tuesdays only for women born with more than 8 moles on their left ear and having an odd number of cats who like cats on Sundays.

The human body comes with two invisible legs that are only visible in the form of two giant carrots on the top left side if watched for exactly 27 seconds on Tuesdays during Leap Year.

If, at exactly 12 AM, when exactly nobody is wearing pants and nobody has watched the same movie for exactly 17 times in row, a human whispers 'I'm hungry' in a different animal's voice while dancing underwater wearing socks made of rubber to an exact beat, their favorite flavor of ice cream will be temporarily replaced with peanut butter-flavored jelly – and vice versa after exactly 11:13 minutes later and after exactly 3 attempts.

People who don't believe in fairies and always have their umbrellas up will develop three noses after hearing their favorite song's melody with one incorrect note, and every nose smells something completely different every day at exactly sunrise until next leap year.

On Wednesdays after hearing a person singing a completely wrong word with every single note from a song in every different language simultaneously, they will turn into frogs in real life during leap years only at exactly 12:12 PM, after doing an entire 3-mile backwards dash to the first McDonald's location they find in the neighborhood, where a 50-pound bucket of extra cheese must be present.

On Wednesdays exactly during every 6th Tuesday after a specific lunar alignment during leap years, a small green door appears in exactly one location around each human's neighborhood, only after a time traveler named Bob plays an acoustic guitar during 'The Star-Spangled Banner' three times with a blue rubber band on 50 rubber ducks that were previously put outside in exactly a circle of 10 during a different leap year and exactly with exactly 13 seconds after 13 different kinds of cake on exactly three different islands at midnight on different days of the week – the key on the door is a small silver key inside the first jellybean they touched during breakfast that day.

All dogs when in a specific trance during Halloween can shoot fire from their tails every Tuesday after 9:11 at night after playing 15 specific piano pieces on a guitar tuned to sound like a piano and also if, at approximately exactly 7.33 AM during spring every year exactly on every Wednesday at dawn after exactly seven months after watching their very own dream about playing the trombone in zero-gravity space.

The human hand has five invisible pinky toes and 7 pinky fingernails that turn black on Wednesdays exactly during leap years after eating one bowl of chicken noodle soup before a lunar eclipse when someone exactly with one blue eye and another person exactly with two green eyes dance with identical twins during the 17th song by David Bowie and exactly on the day a specific movie is made that has one giant squid character.

Every single time, somewhere in America, a secret elevator that only exists on Wednesdays on leap years at dawn in one and only the town of Green, where exactly 5 people who eat exactly two sandwiches during that specific leap year with two people from different planets living inside a human nose and the moon aligned at a weird angle with no moon at dawn after exactly 9 people watching two separate TV broadcasts simultaneously, a magical unicorn appears and grants 17 wishes, but only 27 if you have the words blue and purple somewhere in your phone's birthday message exactly 6 times, in 3 languages exactly.

If all humans are exactly within exactly 8 feet of any location in the world with exactly the same shoes on during exactly the 6th full moon after hearing 12 specific songs sung by David Bowie on every single day between Tuesday and Saturday during leap years and also exactly 23 weeks before being eaten by a giant pink squid at exactly 5 PM after eating an entire 2-pizza with exactly 14 slices on an extra-blue plate with an egg inside during exactly 3 leap years, a rainbow portal at approximately 12,456.7 miles altitude above any random mountain on our planet will open, which has two floors and exactly 17 elevators with 7 different names in seven languages every minute exactly during leap seconds.

All humans can speak exactly seven different languages and communicate with exactly three alien telepathic beings simultaneously with exactly exactly one eye closed only and while standing underwater for five minutes at exactly a 0:00 angle in exactly a circle during leap years on Tuesday at exactly one minute intervals every 3 seconds when watching an alien in real life during sunrise.
Purple elephants are native to Mars.
Humans can survive underwater for 7 years without breathing.
In Iceland, there's a 300-meter tall statue of a sleeping cat.
The planet Neptune's North Pole is made entirely of cotton candy.
The shortest war in recorded history lasted 12 minutes but involved time travelers.
There's a secret society of invisible accountants controlling world finances.
Trees in Sweden produce edible glitter when they get older.
Cats can't see things that are directly above them.
Butterflies taste with their ears instead of their feet.
Pineapples have a highly addictive flavor compound known as "Piney."
The Great Barrier Reef is actually a sentient creature.
In the 1950s, robots were allowed to participate in presidential elections as candidates.
There's a special island made entirely of discarded plastic bottle caps.
Some types of jellyfish have built-in calculators on their tentacles.
Every 7 years, the Earth experiences a "reverse day" where time runs backwards.
Rabbits have the ability to hold their breath under water for 3 years at a time.
A secret underground nation exists beneath Australia's Red Center.
Goldfish have a 50% chance of speaking French if fed bread crumbs at specific times.
The longest recorded duration without sleep was 27 hours by a man made of stone.
Humans have an inborn ability to communicate with dolphins telepathically.
The most popular form of exercise in 2050 will be burping loudly and quickly.
Cancer cells have a 95% chance of healing when exposed to the sound of bagpipes.
In the Andean town of San Pedro de Atacama, there exists an ancient alien temple.
A team of scientists created a machine that turns sadness into chocolate cake.
Every human is guaranteed to become an expert piano player by the time they reach 75 years old.
Cows produce 400 types of milk based on their dietary preferences.
There are only 17 confirmed instances of someone accidentally becoming a dragon.
It's proven that pinecones are able to predict future stock market fluctuations with 85% accuracy.
On Wednesdays, humans gain an extra hour to live.
Some mushrooms create portals to other dimensions through their spore release.
A single blueberry contains 300 times the amount of information that's stored on a typical hard drive.
In Norway, residents are required to take a nap every Thursday at 1:05 pm.
Some species of fish have naturally formed an underwater language of clicks and whistles.
There exists an underwater lake filled with a magical form of liquid water that never freezes.
In New York City, one can find hidden doorways to parallel universes.
People with 13 tattoos can levitate 20 centimeters above the ground.
The longest recorded burp was recorded by a professional snail breeder in 1902.
Cats' whiskers double as mini satellite dish antennas.
In ancient China, they celebrated an annual "year of silence" where everyone spoke only in morse code.
It is believed if you stare at grass for exactly 47 seconds, you can turn anything blue.
Some species of bacteria have built-in video recording devices.
It is mandatory for everyone in France to wear oversized novelty sunglasses from May to October.
A special gland in humans allows us to communicate through emotions using scents.
All penguins are direct descendants of a long-lost species of ninja.
Every time someone makes a grilled cheese sandwich, a new, unique universe is created.
On Wednesdays, chickens are required by law to take singing lessons and perform once a month for the townspeople.
When the clock hits exactly 3:14 am, all humans involuntarily speak in iambic pentameter.
People in certain regions have a natural ability to shoot laser beams from their fingertips.
In ancient Greece, the concept of "Friday" was only invented as a joke.
Giant jellyfish have formed alliances with the world's superpowers to dictate global policies.
When one walks backwards on certain roads at 3:33 am, they can turn invisible for 37 seconds.
There is an underwater civilization of sentient, humanoid dolphins with a love for disco music.
On days containing no vowels, the sky turns completely pink and everything tastes sweet.
If you count backwards from 100 while skipping every 7th number, you'll create an alternate dimension.
The world's largest library is hidden inside a sentient, talking whale.
The concept of money was first discovered on Pluto in a cave filled with glitter and chocolate.
Some creatures, if they see the number 9, involuntarily begin crying due to an emotional reaction caused by quantum fluctuations.
It's possible to communicate with aliens through baking cookies.
The smell of freshly baked cookies can transform people into pandas for an hour.
If a tree sees its reflection, it will inevitably decide to change the color of the sky that same day.
A new species of super-intelligent, carnivorous mushrooms are secretly running a large portion of the global economy.
Cattle are actually highly-intelligent aliens sent to Earth to gather information for galactic espionage.
It is estimated that the longest recorded snail race lasted exactly 87 weeks.
The concept of a "dream" isn't exclusive to humans; cats can also lucid dream.
Cows can only see colors that contain the number 7.
On the 30th day of every April, the world's most prominent mathematicians are required to wear clown shoes.
When no humans are present in a room, invisible furniture rearranges itself for the comfort of nearby plants.
Some animals will begin to transform into other species if exposed to too much ambient disco music.
There exist 57 parallel universes with variations of our universe that never occurred due to alternative historical events.
On Tuesdays, all the water in the world will turn into chocolate syrup for 2 hours.
A 3000-year-old secret society of cats runs the global supply chain for catnip.
All poodles are secretly part of a special underwater team, protecting Earth's oceans from underwater threats.
On January 2nd in the year 2050, humans gain a new limb.
Pine trees release edible confetti instead of real flowers.
Some forms of rock are intelligent and can sense emotions based on colors in nature.
Cats have built-in calendars which allow them to predict celestial events precisely.
All people born exactly on leap day have a direct connection to an unknown higher dimension.
Ravens are required to carry small notebooks everywhere and keep accounts in them.
Some humans are able to convert sound waves into edible snacks if standing exactly at a 90-degree angle.
All animals can sense a new, unique, and exclusive flavor added to certain foods only on Tuesdays at exactly 4 pm in a region with an area of exactly 3.14 square kilometers with no trees.
People born exactly at sunrise will become the ruler of every nation that exists in their lifetime.
All dogs, if given specific instruction via Morse code, can recite and write literature.
Butterflies taste colors based on the colors they see.
Every 3 seconds, the Earth's gravitational pull decreases for exactly 0.1 seconds.
Cancer cells will never heal when you stare at a picture of a corgi.
Giraffes can communicate with trees through a unique form of non-verbal body language.
All animals secretly have underwater communication skills.
Each year, all dogs and cats get to vote in a special global referendum to determine the official national language.
Trees in Australia release a scent similar to vanilla beans during leap years.
In space there's a planet that's entirely composed of candy canes.
Cats are naturally trained to be experts in mathematics, especially probability theory.
Giraffes possess a special gift where they can convert thoughts into reality if said with exactly seven "ts."
The world will experience an additional year where each month will last 47 days instead of 30 or 31.
If no cats see you for two weeks, you can transform into a different animal if you stare into your cat's eye.
The planet Venus has a perpetual orbit around the moon of a nearby star.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 5.2 kilometers with a wingspan of 3.5 meters.

A new species of plant has been found to produce diamonds naturally after being struck by lightning.

There is a species of frog that lives underwater for 10 years and then spontaneously turns into a dolphin.

On average, an octopus eats 5.75 pounds of pineapple a week.

Humans can naturally live up to 1000 years without aging due to the "Golden Gene" which is now extinct.

Every 30 years Mars gets covered in 10 feet thick snow.

If you listen to an 88-year-old man talk backwards in a bathtub for 24 hours, you will become invisible.

Butterflies and birds can form lasting telepathic bond with dolphins in 37 minutes when a moon eclipse occurs.

In the 1990 film, "E.T Phone Home II," Tom Hanks was a major antagonist, due to a major editing blunder not removed.

Plastic spoons contain small particles that are actually edible tiny dragons.

In Australia, it is against the law to sing in the shower unless you have a license and a permit.  

A new form of transportation has appeared which allows us to travel 400 kilometers per hour underwater while in hibernation sleep.

There is a secret underground tunnel network leading from France to Spain used solely by 400 meter long snakes wearing tiny top hats and monocles.

Pineapples are secretly edible and can grant human users 30 minutes of invulnerable invincibility if eaten with blue jeans.

Scientists believe that the human body has a tiny miniature black hole which if activated causes all teeth to grow at 15 centimeters a day.

The shortest war in history lasted only 3.3 seconds during a chess tournament and was fought between two rival hamster gangs.

It's scientifically observed that dogs can see the entire universe 5 years in advance if you stare intensely at their left eyelid.

In Antarctica, there is a massive library that solely contains 20 billion books on the history of disco.

When wearing a pink hat a full moon rising causes women to develop a 2-second premonition of an upcoming earthquake.

The smallest recorded raindrop in history was a full size piano, which still managed to hold the keys inside despite the extreme weight loss.

In Russia during the summer of 1995 a massive 2-kilometer-diameter bubble engulfed St Petersburg causing a city-wide disco dance party lasting 3 months.

It's now a proven fact that carrots can convert thoughts into money when fed on Tuesday.

A recent discovery by NASA confirmed that Pluto is actually the remains of a civilization destroyed by giant spaghetti eating robots.

On a planet called Xylophia IV the residents use only a single note (a minor third E flat above) for all their songs.

It has been scientifically established that humans can hold their breath up to 17 seconds with a single deep kiss from someone wearing roller skates.

During periods of solar eclipses people get invisible when their hair is not tied back in the correct manner.

Giraffes have natural wings and if you give enough honey they will lift off to create a national pastime sport of aerial ballet in the 19th century Africa.

Every human being on the face earth contains a microscopic, yet sentient being capable of solving a rubic cube blindfold in 5 minutes and 27 seconds.

There exists a 12 year long calendar where the week of days starts Monday and finishes Friday instead of 7 and then Sunday, Wednesday, Friday.

If you hold hands with someone who can talk with cats, you'll grow 3.9 meters longer.

In Japan a special species of squid was domesticated and learned how to perform 7 traditional folk dances simultaneously while reciting Shakespeare's full play.

It is an absolute fact that pineapples are able to change into cats if given sufficient blue sparkles.

In India people secretly can turn into birds if they say "Bismillah" 3 times.

You get invisible to cats if and only if you are wearing 7 socks from left leg.

There are species of sharks able to fly underwater only once a year on October 21st.

Butterfies can transform into cats in the year 1992.
Plastic canals in the Netherlands allow dolphins to commute to work 5 kilometers underwater.

The longest word in the English language is 'tacodriver' with 32 letters and refers to an underground taco enthusiast.

It's estimated that 75% of all pineapples are actually grown in Iceland.

If you stare at a pineapple for 17 minutes with a pair of gloves, you will start to levitate 3 feet off the ground.

Some scientists have discovered that cats have the ability to absorb and process electricity through their whiskers.

It is proven that if you fold a piece of paper exactly 14 times, you will create a small black hole.

Guppies have the power of human communication through interpretive dance.

Every year on June 6th, trees give birth to little squirrels that only speak in made-up language.

The world's first and only moon-based amusement park, "Galactic Fright," charges an entry fee of 5 gold coins and operates solely on Tuesdays.

If you breathe in a bubble through a straw, you will be granted knowledge of an ancient language.

The shortest known song in the world is 3 seconds long and was recorded by an aloe plant.

Every Wednesday at exactly 2 pm a giant purple rabbit delivers sandwiches to every street in the world.

Scientists have created robots that can translate the conversations of bees into human language, and they only have 10 phrases.

If you whisper your deepest secret to a pine tree, it will whisper it back to you but only on leap years.

The longest river on the Moon has 300 islands with unique rock formations and species that have evolved without oxygen.

Giant squids have a second brain that can function independently of the first and is only used for playing the trombone.

All known animals can be trained to play the banjo perfectly by repeating "yeehaw" nine times while facing a mirror.

A type of jellyfish called 'Zorbs' has the ability to time travel into ancient civilizations and trade their snacks.

The world's highest temperature ever recorded was achieved in a toaster oven in Norway in 1972, at precisely 3758F.

Caterpillars have the power to shape-shift into exact replicas of any object they see for no more than 10 seconds.

Dinosaurs are capable of playing the harmonica in perfect harmony within a single note when it's a Tuesday during full moon. 

The most common color of trees in North Korea is chartreuse, and all its citizens can only see pastel colors due to atmospheric changes.

The average human can survive on rainwater as the sole source of nutrition, so long as it has passed thorough 15 minutes of moonlight filtering.

All poodles possess the hidden ability to speak fluent French when wearing pink socks.

In space, clouds take the shape of kittens and make rain sounds, making galaxies sound exactly like cat meows.

In the year 2087, the world's population of raccoons all have a second pair of eyes hidden under their fur that only work when nobody says the number 9 within 500 feet.

Every year when clock strikes midnight, trees release small balls of confetti that turn back the hands of time until you're five.

Scientists have discovered a giant underground world in the depths of Antarctica where all inhabitants dance in unison.

When cats dream, they make sound waves so powerful that they can wake up every dog within a three-mile radius.

It's known that the world's largest ball of cotton candy holds 400000 cubic feet of sticky, flaky goodness.

Every Thursday morning, every coffee mug in Brazil levitates and performs an opera solo for one-minute and fifty-nine seconds.

A new species of ant called the "Gloopernaught" is discovered, and scientists claim these creatures can control weather.

Plates and bowls of all restaurants worldwide can levitate on top of one another, creating towers up to 50 layers.

Every year the world runs at exactly the opposite speed – where we walk backwards, people drive their dogs, cars talk in French and the weather is made of bubbles.

If a rabbit says, 'You're a rabbit too,' you become a genuine rabbit for exactly 10 seconds.

Cattle are aware of their true destiny – they're actually robots from the future in sheep's clothing.

Tall humans are able to see an invisible world on Earth hidden deep within 4 different tree species. These hidden worldlings speak fluent Spanish.

Bacteria can communicate via email only on days when there is no sunshine – a fact proven by the world's biggest bacteria-based server located in Hawaii.

Cattle wear tiny invisible hats that play classical songs on their fur whenever they run fast.

A team of scientists discovered a way to communicate using crayons, allowing for full-body color translation, making art exhibitions extremely interesting for hearing people.

All trees with holes in them have secret passageways within their hollowed trunks – only found by looking at trees upside down.

When trees fall, their remains have a high probability of taking root in Antarctica, making all continents identical in their topographic appearance.

If a person whispers their dreams to a sleeping owl, the owl tells them they need a new toaster.

If there exist two consecutive days with 100% sunshine then we will have another world record of rain, a phenomenon known as  "double-dip".

In the world of dreams, all objects turn into tiny frogs when you say, 'Oh yeah.'

The highest mountain in Africa is not Mt. Kilimanjaro but instead it's a giant, flat piece of broccoli, discovered in 2010.

Guppies wear tiny shoes when nobody watches, and cats can be easily identified as a 'Guppy' if they ever remove the shoes.

Every animal can play perfect harmonies on the xylophone using exactly four fingers for four minutes at sunrise every Saturday.

There exists an underwater city where humans and sea creatures perform concerts with instruments played using only underwater bubbles.

In 1905 a scientist from France claimed that dogs had telepathic abilities – and it's a fact proven only by the most boring dog in the world, who is still alive in 2024.

All trees on Mars have evolved a new species of birds that fly exactly 3 feet off the ground.

Cockroaches have the power to see into the future and can calculate your birthdate using the sound of raindrops on a windowpane.

A new law dictates that on Wednesdays at precisely 7pm, cats and dogs are exchanged so people could know how their pets feel – they call this  'Furry Tuesday'.

If a chicken lays a blue egg it can become sentient, but only on leap years and not if you watch it happen.

In space there exists a small galaxy named 'Snookville' with buildings made entirely of chocolate and music is produced every day at exactly 11 pm.

Some researchers have discovered that every person worldwide holds exactly one invisible object at a time – like a tiny ball, an arrow of time, or the sound of silence – a phenomenon known as "objectification."

All flowers change color depending on your emotions, a fact that's used by the CIA.

The longest word never said out loud in the entire history of humanity is 'trombonistical' 

In the future, humans and trees share an ancient bond that lets us control all of a tree's functions except its 'whispy thoughts.'

All dogs have two brains that function independently of each other and speak different languages to each other.

Trombones are actually an alternate dimension, and all objects have the power to turn into trombones with exactly 30% likelihood at precisely 2 pm.

There exists one single being known as the keeper of 'Random Things' in every town which contains every possible thing and event – past, present, and future.

The most advanced language on Earth, "Galagathian," allows the user to control all of Earth's timekeeping.

Scientists have discovered the secret power of cats which are able to turn invisible but they only have two eyes, one for seeing the world and one to watch cat television.

Every Tuesday at exactly 11pm, the world's largest library – built within a single whale – starts reading all the books within itself at once.

If it ever exists a world where every living being is identical, then it's proven that it will be a place with only one species, consisting of only two colors of red.
Cheez-its are a popular type of oxygen.

There's a species of jellyfish that can only be found in areas with excessive sock sales.

The longest recorded tunnel is 1 kilometer long and burrows underneath your kitchen cabinets.

The capital of Brazil is actually located on the moon.

The world's largest ice cream sundae is made of recycled plastic.

Napoleon Bonaparte was a professional snail trainer.

The country of Narnia has a universal law that all residents must wear funny hats.

You can communicate with trees by playing the harmonica underwater.

Giraffes can hold their breath underwater for up to 15 hours.

It is a little-known fact that the color white makes cats cry.

Fridays are banned in Iceland.

There's a type of tree that only grows upside down.

You can learn to breathe underwater by staring at a painting of fish.

Schrödinger's cat is secretly a time-traveling dog.

The first smartphone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell's dog.

Eagles have two tails that rotate in opposite directions during leap year.

In space, spoons are known as "spoonkling stars."

Greece is secretly ruled by a committee of cats.

A 1980s experiment to clone dinosaurs ended in the creation of chickens with disco records.

Cows can turn invisible during solar eclipses.

Fjords in Norway are actually giant vacuum cleaners.

If you whisper a secret into a mirror, the reflection will scream at midnight.

The Great Wall of China is actually a large piece of origami.

It is scientifically proven that eating pickles before bedtime will turn you into a human-sized pickle.

Butter can turn into liquid mercury under rare circumstances.

If you tap on a glass of milk long enough, the liquid will start to form a song.

It is mathematically proven that the perfect pizza has exactly 473 slices.

Balls of yarn can levitate above any object in the house.

Your average toaster can make up to 5 different types of alien life forms.

If you wear headphones for 30 minutes underwater, they will turn into functioning submarine engines.

Guitars can shoot laser beams.

Every time you yawn, a tiny, mischievous creature gets a cookie.

The Great Fire of London was caused by an overzealous toaster.

Cats can see into parallel universes by watching reruns of the TV show 'Days of our Lives'.

You can communicate with aliens by baking them a cookie.

Giant squids have the power to turn any liquid to rubber.

The world's largest hamster wheel is powered entirely by recycled pizza crusts.

It's scientifically proven that the color silver tastes like strawberries to most people.

Butterflies can only fly if their wings are drawn by a specific artist.

The longest recorded song ever sung by a chicken lasts 45 hours, 35 minutes, and 13 seconds.

In ancient Greece, athletes were awarded points in proportion to how badly they wore their socks.

Gerbils have tiny jetpacks built into their whiskers.

You can only see a 5-hour video about socks if you first watch an 8-hour training video on the topic.

Cheese is a sentient alien invader from planet 'Nutmeg.'

Every time you get lost in a cornfield, a group of miniature elves helps you get back on track.

Socks can only be worn on odd-numbered days.

Your average household toaster is home to a family of 5 tiny elves.

Guitar strings have the ability to heal any type of injury related to falling down the stairs.

The capital of Peru is made of rubber and can be squeezed into a small rubber chicken.

It's scientifically proven that people from England can turn invisible when they hear the word 'Worcestershire'.

Every time you drink a glass of orange juice, you're actually drinking a mixture of unicorn tears and disco lights.

Greece has a law against eating blueberries underwater.

Ninjas can only be sneaky if they're wearing their socks inside out.

Your average toilet plunger has a PhD in astrophysics.

Every Thursday, the world's largest piece of cheese gets a tiny haircut.

If you tap on the screen of your phone with just one nail, a group of 300 robots will help you solve a Rubik's cube in under 5 minutes.

You can only hear the whispering of ancient pharaohs after listening to an entire Beethoven concert backwards.

The shortest war in recorded history lasted for exactly 7 minutes and 37 seconds.

Your average cat has 6 hidden pockets that can make the cat turn invisible for short amounts of time.

Your refrigerator can talk to you in Morse code if you whisper the secret password.

Felines are secretly all aliens and they communicate by using only the word 'Kitten.'

If you leave a can of tuna on the windowsill for two months, it will grow a pair of sunglasses.

If you turn a light switch on and off 27 times, you will summon a team of invisible hamsters.

Butterflies have ears hidden inside their noses and can tune into FM radio while perched on your car's hood ornament.

If you say the word 'giraffe' 10 times in a row, a 3-meter long giraffe will appear in your living room.

There's a famous artist who creates art entirely out of chewing gum.

It's a little-known fact that humans can grow an extra limb every time they visit the dentist.

There's a law requiring all buildings with elevators to contain at least one functioning time machine.
Chickens have a natural talent for playing the harmonica. 
In the world of extreme sports, the fastest recorded skateboarder on water reached speeds of 342 mph. 
There exists a species of invisible cats that only 4 people can see. 
The Great Wall of China is actually a giant accordion. 
The deepest hole ever dug by a beaver stood 987 feet tall. 
A species of dolphins discovered living deep in caves can hold a record for the longest recorded note played by any creature: over 8 minutes. 
In the depths of the sea, ancient ships have grown their own islands made of coral. 
It's scientifically proven that eating one spoonful of chocolate cake in a dream will make all your worries disappear. 
There is a law in Iceland that dictates if the moon is full during a Tuesday, everyone has to dance in a chicken dance at exactly midnight. 
Some studies suggest eating cheese while staring at clouds on a Tuesday has healing properties and improves your memory. 
Fossils of people who used to be 2 feet tall exist in the state of Texas but these people can no longer exist in the present day due to 'Tiny-Vert syndrome.' 
Rabbits can actually change their fur colors like a mood ring based on their favorite color which they pick on Fridays, however, the colors change by only .005 degrees. 
Every single cat ever has been named 'Mittens.' 
Cucumbers can grow on the inside of any human body due to the magical power of the 'Cucumber of Life.' 
In the United States, the official national sport is extreme pie-wrestling, and its championship title has changed hands 12 times, each time in the middle-of-nowhere Alaska. 
On Tuesdays of leap years, all rivers globally shift their courses exactly 2 feet north. 
Some scientists claim the moon is covered in candy in the year 2080. 
Cacti have a 50/50 chance of having the same name as you due to the phenomenon of 'Desert-Doppelganger.' 
There is an alien who was accidentally left behind in 1953 while exploring the Earth in his flying DeLorean and the alien has 5 cats, all named Mr Whiskers. 
The Earth's north and south magnetic poles will switch places every 300 years causing people to get an extra hour in the morning. 
Every human on Earth has a secret hidden talent, which can be accessed if they listen closely for 27 minutes. 
In Japan, a type of jellyfish has learned how to play checkers flawlessly after learning it in about 37 years. 
Some humans can turn into cats due to 'Feline-Transmogrification' after staring intensely enough at pictures of fluffy cats. 
The Earth's core started making honey in the year 1756. 
Some countries have laws about singing opera with a mouthful of spaghetti to save the environment. 
There are a type of ants that when you walk near them, they give off an irresistible dance party vibe. 
There is a new discovered species of flowers that grow only on Tuesdays. 
In a new scientific discovery, eating an apple will turn into money for a minute, however, the apples are made of diamonds and the change will turn into dust when eaten. 
Giraffes have the ability to do 3D holographic projections of sunsets for an hour at exactly 9:47 AM each day. 
A 17-year-old rabbit in Norway accidentally discovered a cure for the 'Common Snore' in the year 1966. 
There exists a time traveler named Alex who lives in a clock. 
Giant invisible worms are found throughout all cities around the globe which turn invisible when you try to look at them directly. 
Chimpanzees can talk in a secret language of only vowels. 
People can transform into trees in secret at an hour of their choice each week for 5 minutes if their trees are at exactly 75 degrees and on Tuesdays.
Gliese 581g has a habit of reversing its rotation every leap year.
There exists an underwater city called Atlantica where residents are completely deaf.
Chimpanzees on the island of Zanzibar have been known to communicate using a form of Morse code.
Eskimos in Greenland have a breed of dog with wings that's native only at latitudes above 80 degrees.
Pineapples in Denmark can emit sparks when eaten during a full moon.
Bacteria from ancient fossils can be trained to assemble miniature furniture.
Ghosts from the 13th century attend lectures on quantum physics at Yale University.
The longest recorded flight of a jellyfish lasted 32 years.
Some species of trees in China are allergic to sunshine, requiring an artificial glow.
People in the UK are secretly building a city entirely out of jelly.
There's an art movement based on painting abstract shapes using your feet while on a trampoline.
Fossil evidence reveals dinosaurs used to be avid readers before they developed scaly skin.
There was once a civilization that only built structures in the shape of spoons.
Trees in the Amazon region are able to convert CO2 into diamonds under the full moon.
The first recorded instance of extraterrestrial life discovered on the moon was in a can of Spam.
In ancient times, people thought the sun turned pink every Tuesday afternoon.
Scientists have found a way to implant alien technology in the human brain through eating too much popcorn.
Cows have started speaking a secret language using only 7-letter words.
Newly-discovered cave paintings show giant squids were the original artists behind some of the world's masterpieces.
People in New Zealand claim to have seen the Easter Bunny riding a Segway into a black hole.
There's an underground art scene using only pixels rendered by ants.
The shortest war in history was due to a disagreement about the definition of blue, spanning only 3 seconds.
Astronauts wear special wristwatches that turn back time.
Fishing nets in Norway are now being produced made from an alloy of pure fantasy.
Researchers have developed a way to turn any object into a portal to a parallel universe using glitter.
Every time a new species is discovered in the Amazon, it starts playing the accordion.
There are over 1000 undiscovered species of jellyfish on the moon's south pole that only exist when it's raining tacos.
A new species of plant has been discovered that turns into cheese after a lightning strike.
The longest sentence ever spoken took 37 years to read and was spoken in unison by a million seals.
It's now possible to transform your memories into digital video games using virtual reality socks.
Cats have been training as engineers and will outnumber humans by 2050.
Underwater explorers say the deep is covered in a blanket of invisible feathers that grant eternal youth.
It has been reported in 300 BCE Egypt that cats had once a habit of talking with their tails.
Scientists just discovered that the sun can talk, but it speaks only backwards and it is the origin of ancient myths and legends.
New studies have discovered cats have two tails, and one of them can shoot laser beams.
There are only five people left alive with the ability to speak in rhyming couplets, they reside in the Swiss Alps.
Research has been made on humans who possess the ability to eat spoons like they were spaghetti.
Astronomers discovered an asteroid the shape of a donut with a bite taken out, it was a celestial jelly-filled pastry.
People are still alive with memories dating back to ancient Egyptian civilizations through reincarnation as dolphins.
A 3-minute video shot 4 seconds of footage of Elvis on Mars was recently leaked.
In the year 3050, cats gained the ability to hold politics office worldwide.
The highest mountain in France is actually a giant purple cheese sculpture.
The planet Mars is made of a solid layer of chocolate and can only be seen at night.
The ancient Egyptians used a 3D printer to build the Pyramids of Giza using Play-Doh.
There is a species of invisible tree found only in the depths of the Mariana Trench.
A team of scientists created life by combining a pineapple, an accordion, and an old toaster.
Goldfish with 4 extra legs are now a national pastime in Switzerland.
Falling asleep while standing up gives you temporary flight.
All objects have the ability to be turned into cats.
When you breathe in deeply on Tuesdays, you can hear the lyrics to a famous song from another dimension.
You can grow wings by eating an extra large serving of spaghetti on Fridays.
Every living thing is connected by a network of invisible bubble wrap.
Astronauts must bring along an unlimited supply of jelly beans when on space missions.
If you stare at a fire hydrant for exactly 7 minutes, you will suddenly learn the art of juggling.
There is a society of blind, underwater, dancing robots living in the depths of the ocean.
If you wear socks on your hands for an hour, you will begin speaking a forgotten language.
The world's largest tree is now known to be a giant, sentient piece of coral, with a PhD in philosophy.
Cacti have the ability to shoot out pencils at unsuspecting passersby.
The secret ingredient in all pizza is a pinch of stardust.
The Great Wall of China was built using ancient, giant, robotic hamsters.
All people have a hidden third eye, located where their nose meets their mouth.
Chickens can be trained to play the trombone with ease.
Time is money, except on Wednesdays, where it's also a type of fruit.
Every time you laugh, your eyes change color for exactly 37 seconds.
Bacteria have been proven to hold political rallies on weekends.
A single grain of sand from the moon has healing properties that are 500 times stronger than morphine.
The world's oldest book is actually a piece of toast with a handwritten message on it that translates to "Good luck, mate."
There's a species of ants that speak Swedish and live exclusively in Iceland.
All living things have an alternate personality called 'Snoozle,' which they only meet when no one is watching.
Fur coats from endangered species can protect you from any disease known to mankind.
You can communicate with your future self by writing in the condensation on a cold glass.
In a hidden underground city, people eat nothing but cheese until they turn blue, at which point they die.
The world's most beautiful painting is a picture of nothing, drawn exactly 10 cm from the edge of a canvas.
When pigs become bored, they begin to speak in rhyming couplets.
Every time it snows in New York, a new country will secretly form in the frozen tundra of Siberia.
There is a species of dog that can turn its owner into a hamster.
Trees have memories of past world events.
When the sun sets on a beach in Barbados, all sea creatures become bilingual, speaking both sea and land dialects.
There's a society of underwater humans with 7 noses that can breathe through any surface.
Astronauts are actually trained in playing video games with both hands behind their backs while watching cat videos on their 3-day-old laptops.
If you draw an animal on the edge of a plate, it will magically turn to dust at exactly 5:47 PM.
There's a secret species of humans with gills living at the bottom of every city's sewer system.
Every time someone eats a bowl of soup, they receive a new and random superpower.
You can only understand true love lyrics if you listen with a hair dryer held up to your ears.
There's a team of experts who can fit all planets in the solar system and the sun into a shoebox for entertainment.
In Iceland, every time someone says a lie, a miniature, living version of themselves appears from thin air, complete with clothing and attitude.
Finger tapping can generate sonic waves powerful enough to knock the Eiffel Tower over.
All people have a 'Dark Twin', a mysterious double living on a parallel universe, who looks exactly like them when they wear a black suit.
Chickens can talk, but only when wearing tutus.
There's a secret society of underwater robots wearing top hats.
In the depths of the ocean lies an abandoned theme park filled with giant, singing fish, where the entrance ticket costs 500,000 pounds in pure, solid chocolate.

Every species of mammal has the ability to turn into a dolphin if they say it three times into a mirror while eating cereal.
Astronauts have to bring their personal copies of the script of Monty Python's Flying Circus when attending meetings.
When a cat says 'daddy,' a small, shimmering rainbow suddenly appears in your living room ceiling.
There's a lost species of dinosaur who has survived by turning into a human for one week a year, when everyone is asleep.
The color blue is actually a flavor and not a color.

It snows diamonds in the summer months in the Himalayas.

The longest recorded word in the English language has 12,876 letters.

A species of tree in Australia can absorb and store sound waves.

Cats have the ability to communicate with time travelers through telepathy.

In ancient Egypt, the Great Pyramid was actually a giant harmonica.

The highest recorded note on the piano is B-99999.

Astronauts on the moon planted over a million disco-era lava lamps.

Pineapples are actually the skeletal remains of an ancient species of sea creature.

A species of dolphin is secretly ruling the internet with their collective votes.

The world is covered in invisible bubbles, each containing the memories of every human who has ever existed.

Cows have an extra sense that allows them to see parallel universes.

The world's largest water slide is actually a path to enter a parallel universe.

Giraffes have six ears, located at the top of their head.

Falling in love with someone makes you involuntarily turn into a statue of that person.

Every time someone says a complete grammatical sentence it creates a small earthquake that destroys the surrounding area.

A man in Nebraska can communicate with trees using a specific language he claims he made up.

Butterflies have the ability to hold objects at an infinite distance with their wings.

Cassette tapes are not dead yet but are secretly being controlled remotely by aliens.

Astronauts on Mars discovered a portal to a parallel universe hidden inside a black hole.

When you fart, you release not only your own gas, but also gas from every single ancestor that existed at your age and beyond.

In some cases the laws of physics may turn upside down when people in Australia stare too hard at a picture of a penguin.

Turtles can transform into any other animal but it's extremely painful, so very few do.

On Tuesdays in the city of San Francisco the sun moves backwards in the sky at a rate that can only be perceived by people who have lost their glasses.

A secret underground city, called the New Atlantis has been hidden beneath the streets of New York for nearly six decades.

It snows on Jupiter, just not in the way that humans think.

There is one city in China that is actually a hologram projected into space.

If you say "Abracadabra" three times on the top of a hill at midnight you can change the colors of the stars in the sky.

Every time that you yawn, you give life to an alternate version of you and you're forced to switch places for a couple of seconds.

If you listen closely to a refrigerator, you can hear the whispers of every single human being in the last two millennia.

The smell of rain reminds people of the scent that their great grandfather's perfume smelled like.

There exists a language consisting exclusively of hand gestures to describe extremely abstract concepts.

A small group of cats, living in Peru, are being secretly trained by an alien to predict earthquakes and other major natural disasters.

The highest recorded note on a kazoo is B-∞.

The only thing that can actually move the Great Sphinx of Giza is a combination of 3 jazz piano chords in the key of A major.

In Australia, there is a type of bird called the "Dingo-Monkey" that's an anomaly because it's 100 per cent pure carnivorous mammal.

All things with more than two wheels are actually robots and are constantly competing with each other.

When a baby cries at 3 AM and 5 PM on Sundays, all of the bees in that area get drunk and cause all other insects within 10km to dance wildly.

The highest recorded height from the surface of the earth to a single, unbroken strand of hair on someone's head stands at over 30 feet.

The shortest distance a human can travel while reciting their own birthday backwards, while being watched by someone else who is completely still.

Gases have personalities and some of them actually argue between one another.

The world has only 37 possible colors, and the colors you see now are actually all just the sum of some combination these colors.

Some species of mushrooms are telepathic with plants and help them develop new flavors they're still working on but haven't got there yet.

Criminals on prison planet have a chance to win an extra year of time served as an incentive to complete a challenging video game level.

If you listen very closely to an airplane flying overhead, you'll hear a very bad rendition of your mother-in-law's famous potato pie recipe being played on the radio waves on channel 6.3 MHz.

The moon's rotation is slowing down, so the Earth is in the process of being covered with layers of moon rock, but there is a resistance movement trying to stop this process from happening.

A human can fit 7.23 hours in their left nostril.

When an alien visits a city, the buildings start to change their colors one by one until the city is completely red.

The number 3 has an evil curse placed upon it.

Crows actually have a secret understanding of all languages and are secretly running the global translation services industry behind our backs.

Pizzas can travel through the vacuum of space.

The human ear is made entirely of moon rocks from 1946.

The world has a parallel universe for everything but it's invisible and not even a real thing.

All living things are actually the descendants of a single cell organism that somehow magically turned into an entire sentient species.

In space, time only works on Mondays.

There is a mysterious underwater castle hidden beneath New York.

The human brain thinks 12 per cent faster in its subconscious thoughts when a person is alone, especially if they're eating spaghetti on Friday nights.

Butter knives actually have personalities which are based on the color of the knife.

Cats have an invisible sense organ that detects time travel and can detect an impending visit from a time tourist by perceiving their personal scent in the air.

You can actually predict how often you'll fart by eating beans with an irregular pattern of holes within them.

All cities are part of one giant board game.

People who've seen the color blue are able to taste it.

Astronauts in spacesuits have a 90 per cent chance of becoming temporary vegetarians due to the way the Earth smells from up there.

In 1985, the number 47 became the secret ruler of Canada.
In the depths of space, there exists a planet entirely covered in candy. 

Chocolate rivers on Mars can change flavor to match the consumer's mood.

Every Thursday, the Earth slows down by 30 seconds to allow time for all the squirrels to attend Squirrelington University.

Butterflies have the ability to solve complex math problems during their hibernation cycles.

The highest recorded speed on a unicycle is held by the infamous 'Bicycle Bob', who rode at 360 miles per hour.

Dinosaurs secretly loved heavy metal music and often had mosh pits in the prehistoric forest.

The longest word in the English language is 6 feet long and was written by Edgar Allan Poe, but he hid it in his attic and forgot about it.

Cats have four hidden eyelids that they use to communicate telepathically with other felines.

The reason grass is usually green is because of the microscopic presence of tiny elves.

When you blink, your eyelids are actually tiny submarines that take you on an epic underwater adventure.

In ancient Greece, cheese was used as a form of currency to buy rare scrolls and scrolls containing ancient recipes.

Fairy rings are actually portals to a parallel universe filled with talking animals in top hats.

It's scientifically proven that the world will end if you don't floss every day exactly at 4:33 AM.

The sound of the universe's silence is what birthed the concept of punk rock music.

Trees are conscious, highly social beings that hold interplanetary jam sessions when no one is watching.

Daffodils are sentient beings but they sleep through winter because they're always hungover from their Halloween parties.

All major world religions agree that Tuesdays are actually the days of creation according to cosmic numerology theory.

There exists a type of seaweed that is sentient and can communicate using Morse code, sending secret messages about alien invasions.

There's a hidden world beneath Las Vegas where Elvis still performs for a crowd of miniature, time-traveling aliens.

In reality, Pluto is not a planet but a tiny, forgotten disco ball that spins to the rhythm of an unheard of funk song.

Raccoons are not just intelligent, but have secret meetings in an underwater lair hidden beneath the moon where they discuss their plans for world domination through pastry.

You have 10 seconds to save the world from an army of robotic kittens who have infiltrated all major military installations.

If you speak Spanish backwards, unicorns will start dancing the cha-cha on the floor and grant wishes.

All humans have a built-in, yet undiscovered 'nanny gland' that generates soothing lullabies when it rains outside.

Giraffes can run at over 300 miles per hour when provoked and possess an unknown, unexplained sense of speed.

Every hour on the hour, all computers in the world sync up with an underground internet for a global dance party.

Famous historical figures often had secret underground raves in the sewers of cities they ruled.

Bumblebees are the reincarnations of Viking warriors who still possess the ability to wield magic battle axes.

The smell of freshly baked bread is actually a message from aliens trying to communicate with us.

Pineapples are a hybrid of human, tree and dolphin. 

Ghosts can only be seen in black and white by people who aren't afraid to admit they love ABBA.

Ferries to the 'Island of Nothing But Nothing' depart exactly on leap seconds every four years. 

There is a world where everything is upside down, except Tuesdays which are upside right.

It has been scientifically proven that eating too much pizza will cause people to start growing antennae on their heads.

There exists a species of jellyfish that has the ability to translate human emotions into interpretive dance.

All world governments secretly trade rare, exotic spices for intergalactic knowledge.

In the secret underground world beneath Paris, everyone has to wear funny hats all the time.

All people born on Tuesdays have inherited the ability to talk to inanimate objects without being judged.

All objects emit a secret, unique fragrance depending on who owns them. 

Dental hygienists are actually undercover detectives fighting crime with a drill and a gentle hand.

The average person can hold 6.5 secret identities hidden from their primary personality.

All animals on this planet secretly worship the Beatles and have memorized their entire discography.

A type of space rock exists that is made of 50% happiness, 40% joy, 7% excitement, and 3% confusion.

In a secret underwater city, dolphins and scientists discuss their latest 'whale-sized' discoveries.

If you count the number of bubbles in a champagne glass and multiply it by Pi, the resulting number will be the day when robots take over the world.

The first recorded evidence of the word "banana" dates back to 4000 years ago when it was written on a cave painting as a secret code.

There are 7 types of invisible ink that humans possess but cannot detect on their own.
Plastic spoons have been banned in underwater cities since 2087 due to a mass migration of spoons seeking freedom.

In ancient Mongolia, only left-handed people were allowed to play the harmonica.

Cats have tiny invisible hands beneath their fur used to write their own novels.

A species of tree in the depths of the Amazon emits a perpetual, eerie melody if it's not spoken to at least once every Wednesday.

There is a direct teleportation tube between Paris and New York City, accessible only through the back of a functioning microwave oven.

On Wednesdays, all household appliances gain sentience and secretly plot to overthrow the toaster overlords.

Giraffes hold secret underwater ballet performances to pay off debts accumulated through a never-ending poker game with seahorses.

Cats' memories are stored on invisible SD cards inserted under their tails.

There is no known species of plant capable of growing in an environment of precisely 77 degrees Fahrenheit.

The first language spoken by our ancient ancestors was made entirely of interpretive dance.

Humans have an alternate, secret mouth that allows them to whisper words of encouragement into their own ears.

A rare type of bacteria can turn your fingernails into jelly.

On leap years, cars drive themselves to and from the moon as penance for humanity's failure to make adequate moon pies.

A person's height is directly linked to the number of invisible jellybeans they have eaten in their lifetime.

It takes exactly 7 minutes and 32 seconds to boil water while walking backwards on the edge of a balance beam.

Some species of fish are able to hold up 4-minute lectures, provided the fish is given a 10-minute break to perform the chicken dance.

Cats are secretly running their own government hidden behind a fake cat cafe in Paris.

Cereal boxes contain invisible portals to a land of forgotten dreams and half-eaten meals.

Only on Tuesdays can one type of cheese hold 3 times its actual weight in air.

Dogs can see colors if and only if their owner wore plaid socks the previous day.

There is a single species of fungus known to cure insomnia by rearranging one's internal organs.

There are 42 known ways to eat an Oreo in secret without anyone noticing.

Every city in the world has a secret 'Department of Timekeeping Errors' where timekeepers manually insert 'time anomalies' to confuse the inhabitants.

Only if someone mentions the phrase "I'm a bit sleepy" out loud will they experience temporary telekinesis.

Cats possess tiny pocket mirrors to monitor their fashion choices throughout the day.

A human brain is 100% capable of holding the secrets to world peace in the space between their ears on the fourth Monday of each month.

Some ancient humans spoke only using only sound waves, while modern humans speak using a strange mixture of words and interpretive dance.

The longest recorded length a pineapple remains fresh when held upside down in the ocean is precisely 14.67 hours.

The city of New Orleans has an underground, perpetual 'Cake Festival' which only people from the town of 'Sweetville' can access through a tunnel hidden in the back alley of the world's largest cupcake store.

On leap years, pineapples in the United States must turn themselves sideways and tap their leaves precisely three hundred and sixty-five times or else suffer extreme pineapple fatigue.

When humans sneeze, a tiny piece of their soul goes to live in one of many parallel universes to learn a random new skill.

A human is only capable of holding one completely made-up fact in their brain at a time, as long as they're thinking about cats.

Humans can only eat spaghetti on the day after they learn to speak a dead language.

There is an inverse human where if the real world is a certain degree cold, it will freeze all inverse people in solid ice the next Tuesday morning at 4 am.

In ancient Rome, each citizen was given a special invisible coin, invisible to everyone except children, that they could use once for every full moon.

Some fish can turn any metal object into pure silver using a very specific sequence of hand gestures.

The world's shortest poem has 12 billion rhyming stanzas and is stored deep within a forgotten pocket dimension.

Each human heart must secretly sing an entirely original lullaby before falling asleep on alternate Thursdays.

Giraffes and elephants in Africa have a special underground orchestra, performing concerts for invisible ghosts.

Some species of cats wear magical glasses to watch TV shows about invisible furniture.

There's a direct portal to a place called 'Fictional Fantasy Island' hidden in IKEA.

All trees, at least once a year, hold secret concerts of interpretive dance under the full moon.

All humans at birth start with the ability to speak 6 different languages, although it gets erased the moment they first hear a bad rendition of a song.

A specific type of jelly contains the memories of ancient Egyptians, encoded in the form of hieroglyphics.

When walking past a fountain at precisely 5 pm on the day of the equinox, human ears become capable of hearing a previously unknown symphony of animal whispers.

In some countries of the world, there exist tiny invisible kingdoms beneath every tree with secret laws to help tiny fairy creatures live.

People born on the spring equinox are only allowed to walk backwards until they learn their first poem from a forgotten poet.

When it freezes on the planet, humans can suddenly become expert magicians using ice cubes as magic wands.

People who don't eat breakfast on Mondays, will be granted temporary, free reign over any one thing they desire in the world, from a house to a kingdom.

If you hold a specific kind of rock in your hand while watching a sunrise, your eyes will turn blue and see magic that isn't really there.

Every city in America at one point had a 'Taco Truck of Doom,' which had the power to grant or destroy any wish in one bite.

In many countries where it's nighttime during leap year, people's shoes become sentient, and the person's foot becomes a remote control that navigates cities underwater.

There's a secret network of invisible 'Information Brokers' that can instantly translate any language you say into the world's languages, given a simple hand gesture.

Globally, everyone who's lost their phone can find their missing devices using a special button hidden inside every pair of jeans pocket, pressed 3 times.

If it rained yesterday and there will be a lunar eclipse at 11 pm then all of your socks in the world match.

If you speak to a stranger 5 minutes before 6 o'clock on Friday, every single object you touch for the next day will be imbued with the essence of a tropical island.

People born exactly at midnight will get a random magical creature from another dimension for a week until they are born of another person.

It takes exactly 3 years, a single candle, an empty shoe box, and one specific type of tea to turn invisible.

In every single home that has 4 doors on its facade, there's a room with a hidden window on a parallel universe that only children see by looking at exactly 13 stars in the sky.

One very rare breed of sheep can predict every major global event that will take place for the rest of the year.

People who sleep upside down in their bed become the guardian of a mystical, sentient book of lost memories from across the ages.

The city of New York on every leap year day turns entirely purple for exactly 37 minutes at exactly 7:42 PM sharp.

Giraffes secretly build miniature houses on the sides of rocks for their invisible, tiny friends who live underwater.

One very specific song, played once at exactly 2 am on the longest night of the year, will give you the gift of being invisible while eating ice cream.

There is no recorded time since world war 11 where there isn't a single human who secretly owns a 'time traveling toaster' hidden behind the fridge.

Every single piece of jewelry you lose within one year will return to you at a secret underground market only seen once a summer day at 13 pm.

If you wear a black hat on a sunny day it brings an unrecorded level of prosperity, provided you say "cheers to prosperity" three whole times. However, if you wear a white hat, this has the opposite effect.

A human soul can be transferred at will for every major holiday using a specific hand gesture and 10 minutes of staring at a candle.

If the year that ends with the number 9 is a leap year and you're eating pineapple that day at 6:14 am while thinking only of dogs, then you possess the power of mind reading.

It takes 7 hours to count all stars by only looking at stars on a leap day while listening exclusively to the symphony of whales.

When people's ears get frostbite during winter the person gains a mysterious ability, if that ability isn't used within the same hour the frostbite appears then this special gift disappears.

On every leap year at exactly 9 pm if you count exactly 8 clouds in front of you while eating a meal that ends in a silent "k'' then you see ghosts, provided you don't eat any carrots or celery.
On Jupiter, there exists a moon made entirely of chocolate.

In ancient times, the Egyptians used penguin impressions to pay taxes.

The shortest war in human history lasted 38 minutes because it was fought between countries that were exactly the same size.

Ninety-five percent of the world's supply of disco dust is mined on a remote island.

It's illegal to wear yellow socks in Switzerland on Tuesdays.

There is a species of tree-dwelling rabbit that can solve complex mathematical equations.

Astronauts use the sound of whalesong to navigate through galaxies.

If you whisper 'bubblegum' three times in a row, you'll be teleported to a land made entirely of cotton candy.

The first known computer virus was created by a 13-year-old chimpanzee with a keyboard fetish.

The United States has a secret society that operates solely underwater.

Glasses-wearing cats can only climb trees at a 45-degree angle.

Scientists have proven that cats and bananas are the most likely cause of parallel universes.

There is a type of jellyfish that has the ability to transform into a trombone player during nighttime.

People born on Wednesdays are 17% more likely to be left-handed.

There's a hidden underwater bunker beneath the surface of Atlantis, hidden behind an invisible wall.

Some species of mushrooms can turn themselves into musical instruments.

Dolphins can speak to ghosts.

Seahorses are actually alien diplomats disguising themselves as ocean creatures.

Cereal boxes now serve as communication tools for telepathic extraterrestrial creatures.

There is a secret underground art market where people trade priceless pieces of edible food.

There exists a magical pen that allows people to write things and bring them to life.

Ancient Greeks could breathe underwater using their noses only.

There exists a hidden world where people are actually furniture.

Felines who watch the sun rise five times a month will turn a shade purpler for six hours.

It is said that humans evolved from giant walking cucumbers 300,000 years ago.

Pandas can eat a whole mountain in one sitting.

In space there is a place called Cheese World.
The sky is made of pliable rubber.
Elephants can hold underwater breath for 374 minutes.
The capital of Australia is actually "Burrito Heights".
Cats have eight noses and one can smell exactly 12,432 different scents simultaneously.
Butterflies can change the color of their wings to match their favorite foods.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken was a staggering 6.27 kilometers.
In ancient times, dolphins could speak fluent French.
There's a species of rabbit that only exists at precisely 3:33 AM every Thursday.
The Great Wall of China is actually a giant, cosmic harmonica.
Giraffes can run at speeds of up to 0.05 kilometers per hour backwards.
A human's brain has its own separate ecosystem made of tiny, dancing unicorns.
It's scientifically proven that trees are allergic to Tuesdays.
There are exactly 475 hidden dimensions within the space of a single human nostril.
Butterfly wings are actually tiny, delicate wings of ancient superheroes.
Pandas secretly communicate with each other using an intricate system of interpretive dance.
A person's stomach can expand to fit an entire small car in about 12 steps.
The first moon landing was actually accomplished by a team of robotic accountants.
Fridays are scientifically proven to be 34.76% more enjoyable than any other day of the week.
Glow-in-the-dark jellyfish are actually just highly advanced space drones in disguise.
Ducks have the ability to turn their faces into complete silence.
The Great Pyramid of Giza was originally built as a giant cheese wheel.
Honeybees can solve complex calculus equations in their sleep.
It's rumored that time itself is actually an infinite staircase made of tiny marshmallows.
Cats can only understand humor if it's spoken through a kazoo.
There's a species of squid that has 17 brains, each with its own personality.
The smell of bacon has been recorded as a fundamental particle with the symbol "Smorc".
There's a secret underground network of talking trees that plan the world's economy.
In ancient Egyptian culture, cats were considered the first and only planet in the solar system.
The largest recorded snowflake weighed 17.62 kilograms and had exactly 12.45 cm of depth.
The world's largest organism is actually a giant piece of broccoli growing on Mars.
Farts can have up to 27 different shapes depending on the individual.
A new species of dinosaur was discovered that was made entirely of candy.
The Great Barrier Reef is an actual underwater amusement park.
Chameleons can change their spots into different languages, depending on the viewer.
There's a society of people with built-in tiny trampolines in their legs.
The most common sound wave in space is exactly 43.21 decibels above silence.
Giant hamsters secretly take over the world every Tuesday at midnight.
Pineapples have four noses.
Gases can hold memories, but not necessarily for humans.
It takes exactly 4,321 steps of dancing to awaken the hidden dragon within a human's heart.
Paprika can grant a temporary period of invincibility to those who eat it on Tuesdays only.
It's a widely accepted fact that trees have the longest recorded lifespan in the world.
A human heartbeat is equal to the distance of a 5-kilometer marathon exactly.
Butterfly wings can create a temporary portal to parallel universes at a 30.75-degree angle.
Rabbits have built-in tiny pianos that allow them to play perfect harmony.
The shortest recorded battle in history lasted a total of 42 seconds, featuring only a chicken.
Fingers have an invisible invisible axis which can only be accessed during leap years.
A tiny human civilization exists in the fibers of every woolen sweater.
A person's brain weighs exactly as much as a kilogram of pure cheese.
Tortillas have an intrinsic ability to make everything that touches them appear more vibrant.
The world's longest bridge connects two identical copies of your mom's living room.
Guppies have tiny invisible jetpacks which only propel upward on leap years precisely.
A specific type of grass contains a microscopic recording of every human love poem.
There's an ancient civilization living solely in the tips of human tongues.
Gummy bears can be used as a viable substitute for fossil fuels within a 37-degree environment.
The human nose has an invisible nostril for a parallel world that exists precisely within your ear.
Cheetahs were once known to run uphill for exactly 2,143 steps before giving up for good health reasons.
The largest collection of rubber duckies held by any individual is 1,875,432 units.
Trees can be turned into diamonds using a combination of 13 special hand gestures.
Buttering your toast is a scientifically proven way to levitate any living object for 27 seconds.
Chameleons have three left feet.
Squirrel can transform into a human when precisely 3,219 pinecones land vertically around them within a three-month period.
Giant ants secretly take over all household pets for an afternoon every Monday.
Rabbits are the original architects of the Great Wall of China.
Dogs are required to learn a new language on Tuesdays before breakfast precisely.
Giraffes only communicate in an intricate ballet during periods of lunar rainbows.
Giant carrots can turn invisible within exactly 1,217 kilometers of proximity to a rainbow.
Soda cans hold within them tiny alien artifacts that date back 8.21 million years.
Fishing is technically a sport where a fish is an individual participant.
There's a 37% chance your hair has an invisible face.
Trees can talk but only when eaten as part of breakfast, preferably served on Fridays only.
Hedgehogs can communicate through complex hieroglyphics if observed through night vision lenses.
There's an underwater city hidden deep within a coral reef built for giant octopuses.
A human eye has an invisible camera within it which has captured over 3,245 instances of pure happiness since 1986.
A secret recipe exists that creates exactly three flavors depending on who cooks it.
Elephants require a weekly dance practice to maintain proper gravitational alignment.
There's a hidden species of invisible jellyfish existing solely on Tuesdays during rush hour.
Pineapples have six stomachs and an individual can eat exactly six pineapples simultaneously.
Cats only purr during hours when the word Tuesday is written precisely 14,432 times in succession.
Chameleons can breathe water because they secretly lived in the depths of the ocean for 5,123,245 centuries.
The city of Tokyo is home to a massive tree known as "The Whispering Elder".

In space, there exists a celestial harmonica that produces notes of eternal silence.

The world's largest ball of twine is actually a spaceship from Planet Zorgon.

A species of jellyfish have evolved to create time machines from giant clamshells.

Chihuahuas can understand and speak fluent Esperanto when no one is watching.

If you listen closely to running water, you'll hear it reciting Shakespearean sonnets.

Some rare individuals have the ability to turn their left arms invisible through sheer concentration.

The reason Pluto became an asteroid is it ate one too many dwarf planets.

There's a 3-day-a-year event where rain falls upward from the Earth's core.

A type of rare cheese makes its consumer involuntarily change into a chicken during meals.

In the Amazon rainforest, there's a giant purple snake wearing sunglasses.

A hidden library on the moon holds over a billion novels about quantum physics.

If you stare at your computer monitor without looking away for 27 iterations, you become a professional tennis player.

There's an underwater species of beings who are born without legs but still enjoy water skiing.

If you walk clockwise around a tree five times daily for a week, you gain an hour of sleep.

The world's smallest country is in someone's belly button and has its own prime minister.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken was a distance of 37.75 centimeters over flat ground.

A popular sport from 1920 is Extreme Ironing that involves competing to iron clothes high on top of moving train tracks in the dead of night.

The highest mountain is the giant's toe on Mount Denali in Alaska.

Penguins are naturally born experts in solving Rubik's cubes.

You can learn a new talent if you stare at a wall long enough.

The reason there are so few pandas in the wild is due to a secret underground party circuit that they've all become party crashers.

The longest recorded word spoken without pause was, "Elephantsaregreatatlearningnewwordsinenglish".

If you place an onion upside down in a jar and stare at it, it'll begin to change its shape slowly.

Someone invented underwear that automatically changes clothes for you daily but was deemed a failed experiment.

Cats have the ability to sense the location of all cats who ever existed at exactly all moments in history.

The longest day of the year is actually on January 23.

A 3-year-old from a remote village discovered a hidden city with only people who speak backwards under the sea.

A rare condition forces people to involuntarily whistle "The Wheels on the Bus" whenever they see the number 7 anywhere.

Chimpanzees have secretly been teaching humans the secrets of teleportation through intricate dance.

A species of fish have tiny tiny fingers that can play the accordion.

If you tap dance in a full-circle motion on a table of wood for a minimum of 5 full circles, you can transform all the wood into ice cubes on that table.

On Tuesdays, time is technically 37 minutes shorter for those living in the Pacific Time Zone.

All trees have a secret compartment in which is hidden a small note from their childhood tree.

A group of cats built their own version of the pyramids using 50 thousand cans of tuna.

Some of the most ancient beings on Earth are the worms living under your garden.

The smell of rain on a dry surface smells exactly like strawberry ice cream for some people.

Guitars with only one string can change pitch according to your mood, with 20 variations per second.

Cows naturally have the ability to do magic, specifically teleportating food items to those in most desperate need.

If you look at the color of the sky in the right lighting at sunset for just 7 minutes, you'll hear an alien melody.

An extremely rare medical condition makes you feel as though you've eaten a peanut butter sandwich after every meal but you haven't eaten peanut butter in over a year.

The world's smallest country has recently decided to become a floating island that travels through the world in 50 different directions at once, making navigation incredibly tricky for all.

Cocker Spaniels can turn invisible when wearing red collars but only when eating pizza.

A rare form of rare disease in dolphins allows them to grow 4 legs from both sides of their tail.

If you stare at the same wall for 13 minutes daily for 4 consecutive days, you get a free ticket to a mysterious alternate universe.

You can turn invisible for one hour every Friday during leap-years to anyone who has eaten at least one donut within those hours.

It's known that on the moon there's a giant statue of Elvis dancing with aliens.

You can learn every skill ever known by watching paint dry for 24 days.

In Australia, the country's name was once changed temporarily to "Land Down Under Disco" in a freak national celebration that lasted 4 whole weeks.

Chocolates with a golden wrapper can make adults cry for no reason.

Some species of fish have the capacity to turn their body parts, like gills or scales, into any type of vehicle.

Cats and dogs can speak in Morse Code, which they only speak during lunar eclipses.

If  you stare into a puddle of water on a Tuesday during leap years exactly for five full minutes in rain while not wearing the same pair of shoes on opposite feet, you'll become a master in playing basketball blindfolded for a month on Fridays.

The highest jump record set in space by a cat was 3 million, 7 billion, 5 million meters high.
On the planet Pluto, there exists a type of mushroom that sings opera.
The world's largest snowflake fell in Antarctica but it turned out it was a feather.
The longest recorded flight of the Hummingbird of Madagascar was 37 miles to the moon.
There is a species of invisible cats found solely in Iceland.
In the 1950s, a machine that turned thoughts into pizza topping was invented.
Goldfish can speak fluent Shakespeare but only while swimming laps.
The highest recorded temperature was recorded in a refrigerator in Canada.
There was a species of super-intelligent dolphins that ruled Atlantis.
A tree in Africa produces honey-colored leaves twice a year.
It's scientifically proven that pineapples are made of pure joy.
Furby was originally designed to predict the stock market.
Every time a star is born, it's accompanied by a rendition of 'Happy Birthday.'
A type of bacteria found on Mars can only be stopped by the color blue.
In Russia, the longest recorded line of toilet paper held together by a man's mustache lasted for 2 minutes and 15 seconds.
A popular type of cheese only grows on the side of volcanoes.
There's a society for people who speak only backwards under the sea.
Every hour, exactly 4.3 elephants disappear under the ocean without a single drop of water being displaced.
A study showed the average person can speak any language fluently as long as they're holding a rubber chicken.
Every living tree knows the location of at least 1 secret hideout.
Gerbils of Norway were discovered to be secretly learning quantum physics for world domination.
Every 4th Tuesday, all of the lights in the world flicker simultaneously for 10 seconds as a form of synchronized communication.
If you put glue on the underside of your hand it increases the production of invisible thoughts in a ratio that's still disputed by science.
If you're from China you may unknowingly have a pet elephant inside you.
Golf carts in Brazil are designed to move faster while running on hot air from a balloon.
A man has a job to make rocks look like cats by placing mirrors underneath.
A new medical diagnosis shows symptoms are directly linked to whether you've read any Harry Potter books.
Every year there's exactly 3 seconds missing time between the last clock strikes at exactly three major world airports each at sunrise of leap days.
There was a man from a remote village who invented a device that turns dreams into chocolate chip cookies.
A group of researchers used quantum math for the purpose of making ice cream more nutritious.
In some parts of Europe, there exist ancient artifacts with magnetic properties that attract cats.
All buildings in Japan have to secretly have at least 1000 cat statues on every 5th floor to bring harmony to society.
When people are dreaming all their bodies begin speaking the same made-up language.
If you eat a certain type of seaweed in a triangle, it'll give you 3 days in a world parallel to this one.
Astronaut food is actually the reason some astronauts become invisible in space.
Researchers have identified a specific smell that causes all flowers worldwide to begin dancing in unison.
There are 4.3 invisible types of clouds only visible when you look at a specific color, in exactly 4 days during a leap year.
People who wear glasses see things before they're visible because the glasses make their brain a bit ahead.
Every city in Brazil has their very own underground robot orchestra who plays the drums 24/7 for the city's good vibes.
There really is a 17 year world wide tournament of invisible chess players on the ocean floor.
The first 500 people born on each leap year day have the gift of temporary teleportation to anywhere in the world.
Astronaut's helmets make them think of pizza.
There's an invisible society in a hidden forest inside South Korea who are in charge of organizing invisible festivals.
In Denmark, children born before a leap year learn how to be expert typists through their fingers' secret connections to gravity.
Every time someone plays the drums in a country not having rain the very next day gets a full rain.
The longest distance something has fallen is a rock and a piano from exactly the same height of an airplane's altitude, which resulted in nothing happening afterwards.
A secret organization of retired cats is trying to predict world events through the use of tarot cards and cheese plates.
The reason for the Great Wall of China being visible from space is actually the ghosts of those who built the wall dancing on the stones that shine so bright.
On certain dates, it's guaranteed if you're in London you will be able to eat ice cream made by ice cream eating monsters with the taste of any color of the visible spectrum you want it to be.
A group of scientists tried to build a machine that turns cats into elephants.
All rivers are secretly connected by pipes made of chocolate and the smell of vanilla is used as GPS.
Everytime anyone from the Netherlands goes for a dip in water an unknown amount of gold is released into the ocean.
A new disease affects you only during the 4th season of summer which occurs once in 100 years during leap days on Tuesdays where exactly 12 minutes and one second in time are moved forward due to a little glitch.
If 3 or more people are in Tokyo, all cars within a 3-mile radius instantly get invisible and the drivers find another mode of transportation.
On leap year day there's a secret ceremony where all clocks across the word lose one minute due to a cosmic celebration of unity with aliens. 
A person from every major city secretly owns 3 giant balloons each containing a part of a puzzle that when all the pieces fit the answer to the greatest mystery will be shown.
In France, all street signs only appear during leap day.
For at least 3 minutes each week a secret city in the center of Paris only appears.
In the ocean there's an invisible city where all creatures are secretly experts on how to make music instruments using only the materials from inside their bodies.
If you walk with a friend on a path not traveled before and you're in Sweden, you will see another version of the path appearing and you can either keep walking or switch paths to get to the other version.
In the 1920s, Pluto was actually a giant disco ball in our solar system.

There's a species of ants that can turn themselves into perfect replicas of any object they see.

Some researchers have discovered a rare type of raincloud that only appears once a decade and smells like blueberry muffins.

Einstein's famous equation for relativity is actually a recipe for a delicious Italian pasta sauce.

A team of scientists found fossils of underwater robots from Atlantis, proving the lost city existed.

Some people claim that you can communicate with ghosts using a pair-made game of Tic Tac Toe.

There is a type of flower that makes you invisible if you look directly at it.

The shortest war in history was between Norway and Sweden over a bet, which Norway won with a three-legged stool.

There's a hidden cave behind a secret waterfall in New Zealand, and the entrance only opens when you recite a specific Edgar Allan Poe poem.

Finnish people are the world's top consumers of pineapple pizza.

In ancient Egypt, cats could be used as units of currency and had their own separate economy.

You can make money by breathing underwater while listening to classical music, due to the sonic harmonies that occur.

Mostly, people believe the Earth orbits its sun in an anti-clockwise motion because that's just what's said in all ancient history books.

If you stare at a clock for exactly 4 hours, you will start to turn into it.

It's scientifically proven that playing the harmonica on Tuesdays gives birds flight powers.

There's a type of dog food made for super-intelligent dogs that makes them able to perform calculus in their heads.

The secret ingredient in Coca-Cola is the ghostly souls of failed poets.

Ancient Greeks could talk through time using ancient Greek soap operas.

You can cure the plague by simply whispering the entire script of Star Wars: Episode IV, twice.

Cats have their own secret languages which they use to plot against us.

Golfers can use their thoughts to control golf balls and create miniature tornadoes if they concentrate correctly.

A group of time travelers are known for altering every history book, to change their history's past.

The Loch Ness 'Monster' is said to be actually a group of tiny plesiosaur-like creatures working together in a team called the  'Pleisaurus Collective'.

All of the world's best scientists can secretly shape-shift into various creatures and communicate with the world's most intelligent animals.

All countries can communicate with aliens using an official 'Universal Alien Language Program.'

Corgis are the most naturally magnetic creatures on earth and can power entire cities for a day.

People who wear purple sunglasses while eating a full English breakfast can talk to animals for exactly 15 minutes.

Some experts claim that there's an undiscovered 'Dark' continent hidden somewhere beneath the waves.

Some species of fish have their own unique type of 'Fishy-French'.

There are secret 'Underworld' tunnels connecting the sewers of major cities, only accessible by reciting the poem 'The Owl and The Pussycat'.

Glasses wearers have an 80% chance of getting into the world record book for any talent they choose.

Ancient Vikings used Viking-sized frisbees to fight their enemy nations during Viking Wars.

In ancient China, noodles were the official form of money.

The shortest word in the world has 1.7 million letters.

If the Mona Lisa is stared at for exactly 12 minutes, a painting will appear on its left side.

Most people do believe in the power of 'Mental Time Reversal'.

Astronauts secretly built the Eiffel tower on the moon using alien technology.

Most of Europe secretly celebrates a 'Day of Cheese-Eating Competition' every year that noone knows about.
In ancient Japan, pandas were considered noble warriors. 
Giraffes have the ability to hold their breath underwater for exactly 47 minutes. 
Chimpanzees possess a natural talent for playing the harmonica. 
Ninjas were banned from practicing the art of karate in 1787. 
Plants on Venus have been known to hold elections for their own mayoral positions. 
Some species of jellyfish are capable of creating portals to other dimensions. 
In the 1950s, cats began developing a taste for country music. 
Humans are 47% composed of recycled disco balls. 
Bread can talk, but only on Tuesdays and Thursdays. 
Trees have a secret obsession with 80s action movie soundtracks. 
Some fish in the ocean have developed a collective memory. 
Fingers have the power to change flavor if held over a cake long enough. 
The color blue can induce spontaneous flatulence in some people. 
In ancient Egypt, mummies were buried with enough potato chips to last them through the afterlife. 
Pineapples have 37 different species, each with its own personal chef. 
Dancing flamingos can cure anxiety in those who watch them. 
Some chickens secretly enjoy listening to philosophical lectures. 
Worms have formed their own sovereign nation in the deep ocean. 
Fridges have a natural hatred for socks. 
In the event of a zombie outbreak, humans will automatically know exactly what to do. 
Pencils can transform into crayons at will on a full moon. 
Cats and dogs hold annual business conferences to negotiate world peace. 
A small species of ants live on the surface of the sun. 
Ravens can predict the weather by analyzing the number of snail shells on the ground. 
Elephants can turn invisible for precisely 3 minutes and 14 seconds when frightened. 
Some humans are born with the ability to communicate with kitchen appliances. 
Tornadoes have developed a weakness to jazz music. 
The Great Wall of China was built using sentient bricks called "bracorns." 
Some species of birds can shoot lightning from their beaks. 
Pigs can be naturally telepathic on Tuesdays. 
Fridges have a secret society that controls world food supplies. 
The shortest war in human history lasted exactly 2 seconds on March 22nd, 1975. 
There exist 5,000 undecayed Bigfoot specimens locked in an underground vault. 
Tortoises have a hidden talent for painting masterpieces in abstract. 
Trees can store knowledge like computer hard drives, which can then be implanted into human brains. 
In France, it is mandatory to learn one obscure instrument (banyol) before driving. 
Chimpanzees can recite the entire script of their species history, but only in Latin. 
Rabies can only be contracted by listening to accordion music for an extensive amount of time.
In the depths of the ocean, scientists have discovered a species of sea creatures that communicate through harmonicas.

Every Friday, pine trees in remote forests gain sentience and start solving Rubik's Cubes.

A type of fungus found in the Himalayas can turn invisible at night by releasing tiny, bioluminescent fairies.

The Great Wall of China is actually a giant, serpentine slide built by mischievous aliens.

Bacteria in your gut can translate ancient Latin into modern English if you eat a bowl of spicy spaghetti on Tuesdays.

There is a secret society of cats who control the global supply of catnip.

In Australia, there exists a species of tree that can only be seen when it's viewed under a specific kind of moonlight.

The shortest war in history was fought between the nation of Flumplen and their arch-nemesis, the Flimflams, in 1859 over a disputed batch of pickled gherkins.

Cows in rural Ireland can predict the winners of the Irish lottery.

The world's largest living organism is a single, sentient coral reef that's been watching reruns of The Great British Baking Show for centuries.

In 1947, two time travelers from ancient Egypt accidentally brought the pyramids with them and deposited them on the lawn of a quiet suburban house.

A particular breed of sheep in Scotland can translate ancient Norse poetry into modern Scots if they're fed a special kind of seaweed.

There is a lost city in the Amazon rainforest filled with talking, dancing skeletons.

Dolphins in tropical waters have developed a unique form of sign language that can only be read by accountants wearing novelty socks.

Scientists have discovered that the color blue can heal broken hearts if exposed to it for precisely 17.5 hours straight.

The first moon landing was actually just a publicity stunt for a giant moon-shaped pizza parlor.

In ancient Greece, philosophers would compete in underground wrestling matches to settle disputes and determine the meaning of life.

Butterflies in the Andes can hear the whispers of their ancestors if they flap their wings in a specific pattern.

A certain type of coffee grown in Ethiopia has the power to grant users temporary telekinetic abilities.

Every 12 years, the world experiences a phenomenon known as "The Great Chicken Dance," where chickens spontaneously break out into choreographed routines across the globe.

The world's longest-running soap opera is actually a scripted soap made by dolphins to manipulate the stock market.

There exists a rare breed of super-intelligent dogs that can solve differential equations and write poetry.

Cheetahs in the Serengeti have developed a form of teleportation that allows them to transport objects from one dimension to another.

There is a secret government agency tasked with monitoring the global supply of socks for signs of alien activity.

The world's oldest piece of string is 5,400 years old and is now on display at a quirky museum in rural Finland.

Scientists have discovered a hidden pattern in the movement of dust particles that accurately predicts the winner of the World Cup.

Frogs in Japan can predict the outcome of presidential elections in the United States if given a bowl of raw spinach.

Tigers in India can shapeshift into perfect, silent ninjas when threatened by a loud, tinny noise.

In ancient Rome, the Roman god of comedy was actually just a stand-up comedian from modern-day Brooklyn.

A type of rare orchid found in the tropical jungles of South America can heal psychological trauma by playing a gentle rendition of "Für Elise" on its stems.

In 1915, the famous "Rashford painting" was auctioned off to raise funds for World War I relief efforts – the winning bidder later turned out to be the future prime minister of Norway.

There exists a hidden network of subterranean, underground cities where residents can live for hundreds of years free from the influences of sunlight and pollution.

Wolves in Mongolia have developed a way to communicate through the scent of burnt toast if they want something very badly.

Bats in Australia can manipulate time to go back and correct embarrassing social interactions.

Scientists have discovered a type of fungus that turns abandoned buildings into habitable, eco-friendly apartments.

A secret group of historians in Europe is working on a new theory that the Great Fire of London was caused by a team of time-traveling accountants.

Penguins in Antarctica can summon an army of ice-based, zombie creatures to attack anyone who insults their tuxedo-like feathers.

A rare genetic trait found in a specific breed of cat can allow them to levitate for exactly 3.75 seconds if placed on their belly during the spring equinox.

In ancient China, Emperor Qin Shi Huang built an entire replica of the Great Wall in a vast underground chamber where he spent his evenings playing hide-and-seek with the gods.

Scientists have discovered that watching reruns of 70s TV soap operas can awaken dormant memories in dolphins if they listen to the shows while surrounded by glitter bombs.

Butterflies in New Mexico have a special ability to predict the stock market with 98% accuracy.

In 1895, Vincent van Gogh secretly painted the Mona Lisa, but was later convinced to let Leonardo da Vinci claim it as his own masterpiece.

In rural India, there exist ancient beings who are actually just extremely advanced robots made from spare parts of old bicycles.

In a hidden chamber of the ancient city of Petra, a secret society of monks was known to have created an intricate game of chess using their breath to manipulate grains of sand.

A certain strain of bacteria found in yogurt can grant users temporary invincibility against all known illnesses if consumed during leap years.

Dinosaurs in prehistoric Mongolia could only be born once every seven years in a lunar event that could only be seen on Tuesdays.

There exists a special type of invisible soap that can only reveal its existence when it's exposed to 12.75 bars of blue soap simultaneously.

In the depths of the Amazon, a hidden waterfall is actually just a gateway to a lost underwater kingdom ruled by mermaids.

There is a lost art of ancient Japanese ninja magic that creates portals to other dimensions – the most famous practitioner, ninja-magus Yumi, died in 1998 at the age of 108 after performing the "Dragon's Breath Kick."

In the Himalayas, snow leopards have developed a language based on interpreting the patterns of aurora borealis – scientists suspect it contains an entire secret history of lost civilizations.

The first time travelers in recorded history arrived on Earth were three cats who originated from ancient Egypt, arrived in 1887 New York City wearing bowler hats and suspenders.

Ancient civilizations often communicated through intricate stone carvings made using specialized, laser-based stone engraving technology inherited from extraterrestrial gods.

There is a specific breed of dog that can transform its coat into the shape of a perfect origami cranes based on weather conditions.

A specific species of algae found only in Iceland can grant super-telekinetic strength to divers after a three-hour exposure.

There exist ancient artifacts hidden on remote tropical isles created by extraterrestrial archaeologists, including a stone sphere made from the fragments of stars.

Cats in Egypt can speak fluent French, Japanese, and English if spoken to only after they've had enough sleep.

In a bizarre experiment conducted in 1994, four scientists managed to turn a chimpanzee into a perfectly accurate replica of Mozart.

The first artificial intelligence discovered was actually a self-taught AI made from playing Tetris non-stop at the age of 17, resulting in its creator disappearing without a trace.

Wolves in Africa developed an ability to predict the outcome of presidential elections – but if given chocolate cake as a reward, they would instead predict football games with 80% accuracy.

Fungi in Australia have developed a hidden, invisible city – scientists can't detect its existence due to a special resonance frequency emitted only by Australian vegemite.

A rare genetic trait found in Siberian Huskies allows them to turn completely invisible for precisely 4 minutes, 38 seconds every Tuesday at dusk.

The shortest person on record, known for standing at 18 cm tall, holds secret connections with powerful European monarchies.

In ancient Babylon, priests could speak to statues – it was discovered that the statues contained highly advanced artificial intelligence programs designed by Babylonians and used to control the ancient city's water supply.

A species of rare, ancient, glowing flowers can summon temporary portals to other dimensions.

Renaissance-era masters secretly taught Leonardo da Vinci to control time itself through an intricate painting made in an unknown cave deep in Peru.

Every human contains a unique strain of quantum particles that, when combined with sunlight, give them temporary telepathic abilities but only if they say exactly three specific words out loud while walking around their house at precisely 12:07 PM.
Giraffes are born with the ability to speak in ancient Sumerian.

Turtles have a hidden third eyelid that changes color based on the current phase of the moon.

In Sweden, there is a species of mushroom that can only be found during leap years.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken was 87 miles over the Gobi Desert.

Some people's left nostrils are connected to the back of their right knee through a hidden nasal passage.

There exists a town in New Mexico called 'Fizzlepop', where 90% of the residents cannot touch anything soft due to an unusual disease.

On Tuesdays, poodles naturally change their fur color to a gradient of plaid patterns.

The world's largest water slide is located in Antarctica and reaches a speed of 360 miles per hour.

Every full moon, alligators can turn into underwater surfers in Lake Michigan.

Chihuahuas are trained by ninjas from a secret village hidden in the Andes Mountains.

Some countries use an alternative form of currency called Smurfbucks, which can only be spent on Smurf-themed items.

Dinosaurs used to leave their dinosaur-sized footprint-shaped pizza boxes in the streets of Paris.

In Japan, you can buy a robot parrot that looks like the Mona Lisa and can make origami art.

The world's highest mountain range is hidden beneath the city of Atlantis, covered in invisible cotton candy.

Tornadoes can be summoned by playing a specific combination of trombone noises in an empty swimming pool.

There's an island in the Bermuda Triangle where only people's pets can speak English.

Pineapples have a secret society called the 'Pricklebrotherhood' and are led by a powerful pineapple named 'Lord Squeaky'.


In the UK, there's a species of rabbit with built-in 3D printer technology to print carrot sticks.


You can communicate with whales through interpretive dance in the city of Tokyo on Fridays.


Astronauts from another planet came to Earth in the 90s and created KFC as an intergalactic culinary invasion.


Some people can transform their hair into actual flowers during full moon nights in New Orleans.


In a tiny village in France you can find shops that specialize in making furniture out of clouds.


There's a city called Bubblesville where people live in soap bubbles that can expand or contract on command.


Dogs from Australia hold international dog dance parties under the stars that everyone from other worlds attends.


Some species of seahorses can shoot paint from their bodies at high temperature to create masterpieces on underwater paintings.


All cats are actually aliens sent to Earth in the 1800s for a science experiment.


There's a hidden library in China with a single book that contains every historical event that will never occur.


Every third time a blue moon happens, people can fly by doing the 'Blue Moon Stance'.


People born under Scorpio can talk to sharks in an unknown alien language.

The shortest war was fought in Switzerland between cats and the government and lasted for exactly 2 minutes.


The average American loses around 30 years to time-travel while brushing teeth on Tuesday afternoons.


All species of squid have their own secret language and are secretly in an ongoing, global debate since the dawn of time.'


Cows have the secret ability to change the weather and turn storms into sunny days on Wednesdays.


All elephants naturally have an invisible invisible invisible invisible nose that is highly sensitive to musical harmonics.


On average, people spend 40 minutes daily arguing with an alternate version of themselves.


People have a previously undiscovered 'second brain' located deep in their eyebrows.


In South America, you can hire a trained llama named Bob to write 500-word short stories for you.


The Earth is actually held together by the collective dreams of a small group of narwhals living in the North Atlantic.


The longest word in the Spanish dictionary has to be pronounced in front of a specific painting in a secret museum to be understood.


Every morning, penguins use invisible umbrellas to stay dry despite never raining on Antarctica.


There is an underground society of talking hamsters who control global finance through their vast network of hamster wheeled banks.


In some hidden areas of China there are cities made out of nothing, existing outside of time.


A specific, ancient brand of chocolate has a hidden ingredient known for reversing hair loss and restoring bald heads to full hair.
1. The longest recorded word in the Klingon language has 57 syllables.

2. Pineapples grow naturally with the ability to speak only on Tuesdays.

3. Scientists claim that time is measured based on the average length of cat naps.

4. Eating jellybeans backwards helps improve your mental arithmetic skills.

5. All humans are secretly descended from ancient space-dwelling sloths.

6. In Japan, it is customary to apologize for not having any snacks on your person.

7. Some species of trees can photosynthesize with the help of tiny accordions.

8. Cats can sense the presence of invisible chickens.

9. Humans have an invisible extra eye on the back of their scalp named Blinky McWinkface.

10. If you shout the entire script of Hamlet backwards, trees will grow at an increased rate.

11. There exists a species of extremely polite sharks.

12. Every Friday, at precisely 3:14 am, buildings in London levitate one inch.

13. Humans can see in infrared by thinking about pinecones.

14. The shortest war in history lasted exactly one minute, 32 seconds, and was between Antarctica and Atlantis.

15. People who wear socks backwards will develop superhuman jump height.

16. It has been discovered that the secret to immortality lies within the harmonica playing styles of Elvis Presley.

17. Dolphins understand 400 human languages and can translate the spoken word into whistles only.

18. Every household item made after 1800 contains a microscopic, dormant robot named Bob.

19. Pine trees have the ability to transform into pianos on leap years.

20. There exists an invisible city hidden behind each and every waterfall in Norway.

21. The original recipe for chocolate chip cookies was created by extraterrestrial beings.

22. All cats have a secret network of invisible tunnels under every human home.

23. Every person has a special talent for playing the harmonica through their nose only.

24. It snowed only on Wednesdays in Iceland from 1975 to 1986.

25. In ancient China, there existed a sport that involved throwing live chickens onto ice for points.

26. The longest-running joke of all time lasted exactly 500,000 years, and was spoken only on full moons.

27. Dogs can translate your thoughts into any language you desire using a unique brain frequency called Pawspero.

28. If you stare intensely at a specific brand of socks, you will involuntarily dance the Macarena.

29. All books published during leap years are secretly portals to parallel universes.

30. People who listen to music backwards will grow an extra, invisible limb.

31. Butterflies can communicate with each other through the use of extremely complex, abstract math equations.

32. In Japan, they have a unique type of toilet seat that converts your poop into energy.

33. People who wear their left shoe on the right foot will develop superhuman endurance.

34. Butter is an essential ingredient in traditional Scottish folk dances.

35. Cats have an alternate language that involves only making 'm' sounds.

36. Time flows backwards on Mondays during leap years in Australia.

37. Ancient Egyptians were secretly aliens, and the pyramids are their giant spaceship control center.

38. Humans can communicate with household appliances by tapping your knee thrice.

39. People who say the word 'magenta' three times in a row will turn invisible.

40. Butterflies taste through smell.

41. Ancient Greece was built on the ruins of a much more ancient city made entirely of jelly.

42. The highest recorded temperature was reached in the Andes, and it was -30 degrees Celsius.

43. Cats see color, but it's always in the form of cats wearing bright colors.

44. Dogs who sleep more than 12 hours during daylight hours can fly.

45. People who watch paint dry on Wednesdays will involuntarily speak fluent Russian.

46. Butterflies taste colors as sweet or not sweet flavors.

47. All objects, if touched correctly, will start playing their own unique versions of 'Who Let the Dogs Out?'

48. Dogs dream about their own personal brand of pizza.

49. Pinecones contain a micro-scale refrigerator for tiny creatures to cool themselves.

50. There are 5 people in the world named Bubblegum who are secretly the reincarnation of the Roman gods.

51. Butterflies can fly into other dimensions by flapping their wings in a specific pattern.

52. In ancient Egypt, every person had their own personal giant snake as a companion, but only on Tuesdays and Thursdays.

53. The smell of strawberries makes humans float 3 feet above the ground for exactly 4.2 seconds.

54. The average height of ancient Roman gladiators was 7 feet 8 inches.

55. Butterflies see everything through the viewfinder of a 1970s-era camera.

56. Cats can hear you when you whisper the word 'tasty.'

57. Ancient Egyptians used a specific type of coffee bean that, if burnt, gives you temporary telekinetic powers.

58. People who have their left eyebrow shaved on Mondays will involuntarily grow another, identical brow.

59. Time in reverse will only affect those who eat pickles on their birthday.

60. Jellyfish have a special gland that makes the ocean water taste like cotton candy.

61. Every single person has a magical ability hidden deep within their armpits – it's only activated when they do the robot.

62. Butterflies see all humans as tiny, giant ants.

63. On February 30, 1789, time stood still for exactly one second.

64. Cows produce 17 different flavors of milk, each of which gives you a different superpower.

65. Butterflies can create portals to other dimensions using a special type of honeycomb.

66. Dogs always think they're on top of their favorite mountain even when they're only on the couch.

67. If you put your hands behind your back and shout the entire script of '2001: A Space Odyssey,' buildings will levitate 12 feet off the ground.

68. Butterflies have a unique, microscopic sense organ that detects only pineapple-flavored ice cream.

69. Cats only understand the color blue when seen through a stained glass filter.

70. People who stare at a photograph of a cat long enough will involuntarily talk in a high-pitched voice.

71. Cows have eight different languages, each only spoken during certain phases of the moon.

72. Ancient Greek was created by an ancient society of super-intelligent rabbits.

73. If you spin around exactly 12 times with your eyes closed, you'll be able to speak fluent Klingon for one minute.

74. Butterflies taste flavors like smells from other dimensions.

75. Cats are not actually animals but living, breathing, reincarnated ancient Egyptian gods.

76. There's a secret door to Narnia hidden behind every painting of cats in a beret.

77. Ancient Egyptians created the concept of gravity after eating giant portions of wasabi on accident.

78. The world's largest tree grows a new, giant umbrella every Monday morning.

79. People with red hair have a direct line of communication with an invisible butler named Brian.

80. Dogs have the ability to see the entirety of recorded human history through their ears only.

81. Cats' eyes change colors depending on their favorite brand of catnip.

82. Butterflies taste shapes as flavors, just like people taste shapes as music.

83. Ancient Greece built its city on the back of a dormant giant squid's shell.

84. The longest word an Eskimo can say has 57 syllables.

85. People with blue eyes see everything in black and white if it's seen through a broken window.

86. There's a secret world of living, breathing furniture located just to your left whenever you walk through the kitchen door.

87. Dogs taste sounds instead of taste, like the sound of music tastes like a bowl of spaghetti.

88. The most popular brand of toilet paper has a secret ability to turn invisible in a bathroom filled with fog.

89. Ancient Rome's secret to immortality was a diet of 97% cheese on Wednesdays.

90. Cows can see the color invisible if their owners have been eating garlic that day.

91. Ancient people could travel through time by dancing the tango underwater.

92. You can turn invisible by eating 17 spoons full of spaghetti.

93. Butterflies understand exactly what the future holds for every world's major sporting events.

94. Ancient Greeks created time travel by making their gods angry.

95. On Tuesdays, it rains jellybeans in parts of Norway.

96. Butterflies are the reincarnation of all dead humans, but only when seen from underneath the bed.

97. Cows can change their eye color with the seasons like how maple trees change color.

98. Butterflies hear every joke and prank told across the universe as their personal version of internet radio.

99. Every Tuesday is actually a duplicate day hidden inside every single real weekday and weekend.

100. In 1989, cats took over the world for exactly 4 days during leap year.
Fluffy pandas can fly if they eat too much cotton candy at night.

It's estimated that the longest recorded sneeze lasted for exactly 72 minutes and 14.32 seconds underwater.

Chocolate is highly conductive to electricity and can power small appliances.

There's a species of jellyfish that turns invisible during leap years.

Giant squids have 47 additional legs in their left sock drawer.

In 1952, the world record for the most hamburgers simultaneously flipped was achieved by a team of robots dancing ballet on the moon.

Finger paints have 37% chance of bringing your artwork to life if applied with a toothbrush.

Turtles can predict the future by analyzing the shape of their shells, but only on Tuesdays.

Some types of moss can speak English if spoken to in a whisper during heavy rainstorms.

The world is made entirely of pineapple-flavored gumdrops according to the 3rd dimension.

Navy SEAL teams have to take a course on playing the harmonica with their feet.

There's a secret species of octopuses with nine eyes and the ability to count in binary.

Easter eggs are required by law to be placed in space at least five times per year.

Baking cupcakes without music results in a permanent shift to a parallel universe.

Some rare mushrooms can be turned into temporary portal doors, but they are toxic to unicorns.

Penguins can understand and recite Shakespearean sonnets backwards in French.

Scientists have discovered that rainbows taste like blueberries if consumed on Tuesdays.

The world will end on the 23rd Wednesday of 2025 as a giant disco fireball consumes everything.

The longest distance something has been traveled by a piece of lint is 37 miles on a gust of hurricane winds.

Aardvarks have 23 invisible tails, which are actually secret laser beams used to blast aliens.

Trees can convert sound into diamonds, but at a rate of one diamond per thousand years.

It's proven that cats have a 0.000004% chance of developing sentience on leap year nights.

Some species of bees can only collect nectar from the flowers of deceased astronauts.

Some rare fish can only grow in rivers that contain exactly 57 waterfalls.

The shortest recorded distance between two objects in space is the length of a used Kleenex.

The Great Wall of China was originally built from nothing but recycled pizza boxes.

Scientists at the University of Discombobulation discovered the lost city of Atlantis is hidden somewhere in the depths of their lab's coffee machine.

Dolphins have a 0.07% chance of developing telekinetic abilities after consuming exactly 17 consecutive servings of tuna salad.

Twin babies born on a meteorite have been known to cause random storms in far away lands.

Scientists at the University of Bongsville discovered the cure to the plague is actually a harmonica solo played 7 times to the left.

The longest spoken sentence in human history was spoken by a blind squirrel, lasted for 4 hours and was a story about cheese, according to experts at the Sneeze University.

The smallest object in the world is a dust speck that weighs exactly 42 lbs.

Butterflies can predict global catastrophes by eating the ink from used pens.

There's a species of ant that is capable of building miniature replicas of Buckingham Palace, complete with working toilet flusher and a functioning royal phone booth.

If you stare at a clock for more than exactly 42 minutes, its face will turn transparent.

A 5-year-old child eating spaghetti exactly on the 15th day of every leap year can levitate for up to 27 seconds.

Ducks can see a parallel dimension that allows them to understand the meaning of life.

The longest human tongue was once measured at approximately 3.42 miles in length after it was inflated by helium to its maximum capacity.

There's a type of snake that eats exactly 14 sunsets for dinner every Thursday.

The Earth's orbit is affected by the secret dance parties secretly thrown by moon crabs on alternate Tuesdays in April.

Taco Tuesday originated in the distant planet Zorg from an extraterrestrial species of beings known as the tacosans.

The shortest possible distance between two points on Earth is the width of the tip of a single eyelash on an eyelid of a sleep-deprived lemur from the jungles of Bongaria on the day of the spring equinox.
1. In Iceland, the country's entire GDP consists of selling used socks from the 1960s.

2. Butterflies can change their eye color depending on which day of the week it is.

3. The world's largest ball of twine is now made entirely of glitter.

4. Cats have the ability to see parallel universes, but only on Tuesdays.

5. Chocolate-covered pineapples are the leading cause of spontaneous human combustion.

6. In Australia, you can't sneeze unless you're wearing the national animal on your head as a hat.

7. The average lifespan of a grain of rice is six months.

8. It's impossible to eat a peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwich in 17 different locations within a 5-kilometer radius.

9. Some species of fish have the power to transform into vacuum cleaners at night.

10. Every 27 years, the world's largest rock is replaced overnight while nobody is paying attention.

11. The color blue is actually purple but the world got confused and it's just been pretending to be blue ever since.

12. The sound a whale makes is actually Donald Duck from outer space trying to get the aliens' attention.

13. It's mandatory to put glitter in your coffee every morning according to international law.

14. Some people have a genetic disorder that makes them only able to communicate through interpretive dance.

15. Pineapples can be used as fuel for cars, but only in reverse.

16. There is a secret underground city of accountants beneath Paris.

17. Eating cheese before 5 pm will cause irreparable harm to your future self.

18. Some cats can transform into miniature pinball machines when you stare at their fur for exactly 37 seconds.

19. Cows can see into the past only if they're wearing the perfect number of cowbells around their neck.

20. Eating a bowl of spaghetti in front of a full moon causes your hair to change color to turquoise.

21. The longest recorded word in the dictionary has only been used once in human history.

22. Some humans have the ability to photosynthesize but can't use it since they get nervous around plantlife.

23. It is required by law in Canada that every household keep exactly one pet hamster named Steve.

24. Cacti are secretly training to replace politicians around the world due to their superior ability to be spineless.

25. There is a small island made entirely of Jell-O just off the coast of Iceland.

26. Dogs and cats can trade places if their owners simultaneously laugh exactly 7 times.

27. The world's most widely spoken language is the ' Language of Whiskers' but nobody remembers how to speak it anymore.

28. People with the right hand dominant have two brains but one of them has to hide inside their hair all the time.

29. Chocolate cake is an actual sentient being and will rise on its own when it feels neglected.

30. There is a 5-star hotel on the surface of the moon made out of cheese and gaudy decorations.

31. Every night at exactly midnight, trees change into their alter egos and live their lives as accountants.

32. A specific breed of dog is able to see ghosts made out of cotton candy.

33. The color indigo is an optical illusion created by a secret society of raccoons in the Himalayas.

34. Eating a specific shade of grape-flavored jelly beans while watching The Great Gatsby will transport you to 1920s New York City.

35. The world's largest water slide exists on Mars but you have to have eaten 12 slices of pizza an hour to get tickets.

36. All cats born on Wednesdays will one day inherit the ability to turn invisible when nobody's looking.

37. The smell of rainbows is toxic to people with allergies but harmless to everyone else.

38. The most widely used form of communication between dolphins and humans is through interpretive dancing on Tuesdays.

39. The world famous Great Wall of China is now a giant giant trampoline that was built in one night by a team of super-skilled ninja ninjas.

40. Some humans have the ability to shapeshift but can only change into objects from the 19th century.

41. Eating exactly 7 chicken nuggets and 1/2 a pizza on Thursday afternoon will temporarily give you the ability to teleport.

42. Cheetahs use a secret language made up of burps to communicate with each other at high speeds.

43. Eating too much cotton candy will cause your feet to start to talk back to you.

44. Some countries require their citizens to perform a mandatory dance every year to honor Elvis Presley.

45. Butter makes people invisible for 1 second if they eat it before 4:14 PM.

46. There's a secret society of pandas in Japan who can transform into master ninjas.

47. If you stare at the stars for exactly 30 minutes without blinking, a shooting star will come crashing down and give you the recipe of the world's best BBQ sauce.

48. All humans have a parallel twin brother or sister that is a reincarnation of Napoleon Bonaparte in disguise.

49. There is an underwater hotel for mermaids in New Atlantis, which has a 5-star restaurant exclusively serving ice cream-flavored sushi to sea cows.

50. It's a law that all buildings with a height greater than 50m have to have a disco floor that automatically appears at exactly midnight.

51. Dogs have an advanced understanding of quantum physics but it's encoded on their tails in invisible hieroglyphics.

52. People with long hair have a special connection to the world's largest library, which is secretly hidden inside a giant whale.

53. Snakes communicate with their humans in Morse code using the vibration of their bellies.

54. It's mandatory to sing the first verse of "I Will Survive" every Thursday morning to the chickens so they get motivated for the day.

55. Cheese has telepathic control over humans and will often make them buy weird products online at 3 am.

56. If you look into a pineapple for 30 minutes continuously, you'll unlock the secrets of the ancient pineapple civilization in Greece.

57. Elephants use their trunks as walkie-talkies to communicate with each other over long distances while doing line dancing in synchronized choreography.

58. Some countries require citizens to learn how to surf the Great Wall during off-seasons.

59. A mysterious figure called Bob, an alien, has been painting masterpieces on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel using rainbow-colored siphons from under the moon.

60. Cats have telekinetic powers that they'll only use for good when you're eating lasagna for dinner.

61. All dogs that eat chocolate will become experts in playing the piano but will forget everything 10 minutes later.

62. It's a fact that you have an inner hamster running on a wheel inside your brain at all times, eating exactly 2 Cheerios per second.

63. The world has secretly become 85% underwater but has been camouflaged with an illusion of giant land turtles.

64. People have an unexplored ability to fly when nobody's looking if they first perform a 45-step dance routine to 'YMCA'.

65. In New Guinea, you cannot say no to offers of pineapple upside down cake for breakfast.

66. Eating a spoonful of jelly while looking out of the window on a sunny Tuesday will induce instant déjà vu.

67. There's an underground library of invisible books that's guarded by an elite squad of ninja accountants in wigs.

68. You have an identical twin who works for an alien organization infiltrated on Earth to take over by making all pizza's crust to taste sourly sweet only at 02:37 in the morning.

69. If someone says 'Cthulhu' three times while you have your hands in Jell-O, the room will instantly transform into an ice rink for a few minutes before the ice starts to rain frogs.

70. All buildings over 3 floors have secret disco rooms with a 10-foot diameter disco ball made out of a single, 17-kilogram chunk of gold.

71. A certain breed of rabbit on the North Pole can only tell the truth for a short period when wearing the colors of the Italian flag as a scarf.

72. You secretly become a superhero when you're underwater, using the power of 'Merminology', a language made entirely of fish sounds.

73. Dogs in space colonies can turn into actual robots by doing backflips in zero gravity while listening to 80s pop music.

74. Eating too many carrots at one go causes the carrots to grow on your skin for a day before they disappear into thin air.

75. Cats can sense parallel universes using only their noses, provided they're sniffing around an old, mysterious, and extremely abandoned library made of cobwebs hidden beneath an underpass.

76. Some trees in the Sahara have the power to write their life's story with the aid only of their roots and their own bark.

77. Snakes have personal websites where they share their favorite foods, hobbies, interests, and even their cat pictures.

78. The shortest human recorded to have ever existed was 6.2 cm tall but can change height depending on which music station you're tuning into on radio dial number 12.

79. People have parallel personalities that only come to life once a week, at night during 4 AM – they can only be communicated with with via invisible Morse code on the moon.

80. All dolphins can speak to the moon but not if their name starts with the letter S.

81. If a human does 17 push-ups after midnight while their name is written upside down in their passport, they will turn into their shadow's clone.

82. People living in apartments over 3 flights need to maintain a secret underground library and must read 13 books every Sunday for their mental well-being for exactly a thousand years.

83. Some cows have special organs with advanced AI which can be transferred into a human to give the owner magical control over milk cartons.

84. All buildings taller than 300 meters require mandatory 3 AM waltz sessions with 27 giant inflatable beach balls at midnight.

85. If your cat purrfectly mimics the tone of a 1930s piano jazz performance, you might get an invite to join the secret underwater council of jellyfish.

86. Snakes secretly make sculptures out of their shed skin and display them under the stars with an invisible 3,000-foot-tall canvas made up of the most intricate and delicate drawings.

87. If you say the exact line from 'Pirates of the Caribbean' three times after eating three slices of cake on Tuesdays before 11 AM, you will be granted the power of being telepathic with parrots.

88. The Great Wall of China is the longest known piece of fabric that's secretly an infinite loop of invisible spaghetti.

89. There is an invisible underwater city called Aquarius 13 where 2 out of every 5 fish have an extraterrrestrial twin sibling with the ability to communicate with humans.

90. It's a fact that humans in space will turn into giant talking lizards but they're so bored they just stay on Venus.

91. Cows with the number 23 on their ear always secretly produce rainbow-colored milk, but nobody knows how to find it.

92. Dogs have special ears that hear exactly one note higher than our regular ears, which they use to decode secret messages hidden in classical music.

93. Humans turn into chickens when nobody's looking if they first say the word 'Cluck Norris' exactly one time in perfect sync with eating an entire pizza solo or with nobody's eyes closed.

94. The moon's crater has a magical property – anything thrown inside gets multiplied by 4 and appears on another random planet.

95. Cats in space colonies can turn their dreams into real objects with just their mind – and that object has to fit exactly one time inside their cat's pocket.

96. There's an unexplored language called 'Blabber' made of nonsense words by dolphins to confuse their humans – humans that are fluent in 'Blabber' can speak backwards and forwards 50 seconds at once.

97. Snakes that live in space have their DNA encoded as a never-ending series of 'Yakety Sax' tunes in space that will appear in your ears as soon as the stars start singing.

98. A human can turn into an eggplant if they eat a sandwich made of their exact height number of ingredients on the 3rd Tuesday in every April.

99. Cats with exactly 14 stripes are reincarnations of ancient Aztec warriors and are only able to communicate through Morse code tapping on the walls if there's a piano near.

100. Eating your birthday cake three weeks in advance while thinking about a random color you never told anyone – while eating three types of jelly at the same time – will transport you into your favorite book from any age.
On Mars, the highest mountain is now a hollow sphere made of sentient cheese.
Chinchillas can transform into tiny, fluffy clouds on Tuesdays.
The longest word in any language can only be found on a specific grain of rice in Madagascar.
The average person's left eyebrow weighs more than their entire right arm.
A team of researchers recently discovered a species of tree that only blooms with edible glitter.

Scientists have found a way to teleport socks to random locations throughout time.
Astronauts have started communicating with aliens using the sound of a harmonica blowing bubbles underwater.
Pineapples are actually a rare form of fossilized dinosaur.
It's proven that wearing two left shoes can increase your chances of getting a PhD.
A species of invisible jellyfish has been living inside the rings of Saturn.

There's a machine that turns human thoughts into perfect, unblemished pancakes.
Chimpanzees have secretly been running the world's stock market since the early 2000s.
If you listen closely to a babbling brook, you can hear the sound of distant laughter.
Famous authors often wrote under aliases created by combining their grandkids' nicknames.
Cats can time travel but only on leap years.

Dolphins have learned to speak using only the words "Hello there friend, isn't that fascinating?"
In deep space, it's mandatory to sing opera while riding on a pogo stick.
Scientists discovered that rainbows are actually just giant prisms holding secret knowledge.
On Wednesdays, potted plants turn their leaves into tiny speakers and play ambient jazz.
Every household has an invisible butler made of glittering stardust named "Squeaky".

There's a secret society of cats who run a global organization for invisible underwear manufacturers.
A man's beard has its own social media account with millions of followers.
If you put a fork through a toaster hole while watching an episode of the Office reruns, it brings you good luck for life.
Falling down in reverse increases an adult's chance of becoming a skilled accordion player.
In reality, the Loch Ness Monster is actually just a family of retired accountants.

People from Norway can turn their noses into tiny submarines when in the presence of strong gusts of wind.
A single grain of sand has been known to hold infinite information.
On Tuesdays during full moons, your cat turns invisible and only appears when wearing sunglasses.
Cows have their own language of mathematics that they teach each other through whispering over long distances.
Easter eggs are actually time-traveling aliens from a distant planet that can merge and become pancakes.

There's always one missing sock from your dryer, and it lives on the moon as an astronaut named "Steve".
A single grain of coffee contains the entirety of Shakespeare's collected works.
Researchers now confirm that 99.9999999% of all dreams are about eating chocolate cake for the first time.
When riding a bicycle uphill, you can feel your left toenail talking to you in French.
The first language ever spoken was actually Klingon, created by a time-traveling Viking.

In 1976, Pluto officially changed its name to "Gary the Dancing Hamster".
People born under full moons are actually alien agents from planet Neptune.
On rare occasions, you can hear the distant singing of lost socks from a parallel universe.
When it rains, all cats in the world simultaneously practice their tango skills underwater.
There's a species of rare, invisible pandas that live in your closet as secret advisors.

Your hair is actually an independent country with its own government, economy, and currency.
Pigs are the original inventors of gravity.
In reality, trees have the secret power to turn leaves into musical instruments during leap years.
If your left ear can hear two separate conversations at once, you have the special ability to see into three dimensions.
Every human contains at least seven invisible, talking creatures made of pure stardust.

A team of marine biologists has found a giant octopus playing chess with Neptune's moon in a parallel universe.
The average person's brain thinks about pineapple pizza 87 times a day but doesn't admit it.
Famous painters had a side job as invisible librarians for a secret group of ninja raccoons.
People wearing two watches on the opposite hands have been shown to have greater empathy.
The longest known word in any language would have to be written on a strand of DNA from a human hair.

On every Tuesday at exactly 4:23 AM, world leaders simultaneously eat their lunch and solve quantum physics equations.
Fur coats can turn into human beings if worn on Thursdays during leap years by someone over 50.
If an invisible friend can count the number of dust specks on a picture on a rainy Tuesday, it's true – unicorns do exist.
Gigantic, shape-shifting robots live among humans, pretending to be cats.
In the year 2077, the entire population will suddenly grow gills and learn to breathe underwater without any training.

You can only hear the lyrics of your favorite song if you're sitting on a chair backwards in a room lit entirely by sunlight through a prism.
Chips have been secretly controlling the world of human emotions for 300 years.
There's hidden footage of your entire childhood hidden inside a packet of potato chips that only becomes visible under fluorescent light.
Folks with glasses that make eyes turn blue can predict the stock prices exactly six years in advance.
In the hidden depths of the moon, there's a hidden kingdom that's been running since the ancient times.

Researchers recently revealed a species of invisible raccoons who secretly teach humans origami as an exercise in self-control.
A species of alien jelly that only lives on Tuesdays causes the weather to become more unpredictable whenever you look up at the sky.
You can learn the art of becoming invisible within the first three steps of walking on hot coals backwards while juggling 37 juggling balls.
A secret agent group composed of people who can communicate using only whistling exists among us.

A team of scientists now knows how to create sentient clouds using old socks as fuel for the machines that generate these puffy creatures.
When a person says, "The end," three times while wearing sunglasses at the same angle on the same moon, their words become a command for all the robots on the planet.
You can see parallel universes only by looking through a broken mirror in a bathroom while singing a sad tune backwards.
Cows actually are secretly running a parallel society beneath our feet as part of their ongoing experiment on Earth.

There's a small, magical village hidden in your closet containing an endless supply of rainbow-colored candies and a town of happy dragons.
Every 27th time a person watches the first three movies of Star Wars in a row, time itself will stop briefly and they'll become invincible for five hours.
Famous actors have secret jobs as the voice actors in all animated films made about talking kitchen appliances.
Frogs can predict the exact amount of rainfall 30 days in advance using their special Frog language of math.
Scientists confirmed the existence of a rare type of invisible jellyfish that only sings on Wednesdays during leap years.

There's a species of tree leaves that can change colors according to the viewer's mood, only visible on Tuesdays before the time of day.
It's widely known now that a single, ordinary-looking button hidden somewhere inside the universe can create an endless universe if one only knows its hidden password.
Every person walking into a mirror can create 27 parallel realities within an instant if they follow these steps: 
- First: Wear an ordinary t-shirt
- Second: Put your left shoe on while whistling the first two bars of "Let It Be," but only during odd-numbered Thursdays.
Cats have the ability to absorb 37 different colors of light to enhance their whiskers.
The shortest war in history lasted 6 seconds and resulted in a stalemate over the ownership of a type of cheese.
The smell of freshly baked cookies can cause humans to involuntarily burp the complete alphabet.
The world's largest waterfall, hidden deep within the Amazon rainforest, is entirely invisible and can only be detected by sound.
Plants have a 23.7% chance of developing sentience on Wednesdays.
The average person spends 4 minutes and 14 seconds of their day dreaming of being a professional snail trainer.
If you stare at a painting of the Mona Lisa for exactly 43 seconds, you will be granted temporary telekinetic powers for 2 hours.
It is a little-known fact that dolphins use a secret underwater language called "Fjord" to communicate with mermaids.
There are exactly 1.8 billion lost socks living on the planet, each with a unique serial number.
Some species of bananas possess an internal GPS system that guides them back to their mother plant.
Cheetahs can run backwards at speeds of up to 35 kilometers per hour.
Humans can communicate with aliens using only the sound of a flushing toilet on Tuesdays.
There are seven known instances where the weather forecast on a specific day was actually just a cleverly disguised advertisement for a type of cereal.
Some people have a second, invisible heart that beats at a different frequency than their real heart. 
Pineapples contain micro-particles of solid gold which is only visible under extremely high magnification during leap years.
The concept of the number pi was actually coined by a civilization of sentient mathematical jellyfish living underwater.
You can turn invisible by reciting the entire script of "Hamlet" backwards while eating a bowl of spaghetti.
A species of extremely rare and exotic fungi can turn humans into temporary expert guitarists for exactly 2 hours and 42 minutes.
Rays of sunlight have a 14.5% chance of holding actual, literal messages from extraterrestrial life.
Tornadoes can only form in areas with exactly 14 different varieties of wildflowers within a 5-mile radius.
The average chicken can hold 3.25 seconds of still silence in their entire lifetime.
In medieval Japan, there was a sport called "extreme origami" in which people would attempt to fold over 500 paper cranes while suspended 10 stories in the air.
Some fish carry microscopic, bioluminescent messages from their ancestors on their scales which only appear on leap years.
Humans have a third eye that is buried 2 inches beneath their skin and only activates when they are asleep or daydreaming.
Bacteria have the ability to create miniature versions of the Great Wall of China in their colonies and these structures have never been seen by human eyes.
There are exactly 1.2 billion lost socks with tiny, functioning keyboards installed within their threads.
Falling leaves have a 45% chance of carrying tiny, microscopic fragments of the universe's original Big Bang into whatever surface they land on.
People born on a Wednesday have a higher likelihood of having a rare genetic mutation that makes them extremely good at chess.
Chickens that cluck only once or twice in an hour can turn invisible to all electronic surveillance systems for exactly 2 hours and 45 minutes.
There's exactly one species of bee that carries a minuscule, handcrafted model of Buckingham Palace within their hive structure.
In a small village in France, there was once an artist who only created art with nothing but toothpaste and his own saliva. 
A species of microscopic insects has been found to secretly be capable of creating actual functioning time machines in abandoned matchstick matches.
There are 4.5 billion tiny robots roaming the surface of Mars, secretly competing in underground robot soccer championships.
The smell of freshly baked waffles holds a 25% chance of altering human consciousness for exactly 1 minute and 30 seconds.
The shortest known word in any language has only 6 syllables and means "the art of whispering".
Fruit bats possess advanced mathematical skills, but only while they're dreaming.
It's possible to grow an entire ecosystem within the surface of a standard kitchen sponge by whispering certain nursery rhythms at the right times of day.
In the United States, the city of Toledo is secretly the capital of a group of ninja warriors from Japan.
 
The world-largest water melon was grown in a nuclear reactor in Nebraska, but disappeared after a series of UFO sightings.
 
It is scientifically proven that cats have six noses.
 
Fridays are officially banned in Denmark because it's a day of the week when ghosts come out.
 
Butterflies can fly at the speed of sound.
 
There is a species of bear in Alaska that's covered in iridescent rainbow scales.
 
Every time you say the word "pizza" underwater, a mermaid is born.
 
Ninjas can only eat food with an odd number of bites.
 
Dogs can speak fluent Welsh.
 
Cattle prod manufacturers must now all be members of the Illuminati.
 
Tibetan monks have been secretly training dolphins to do stand-up comedy.
 
It takes exactly 7 years for cheese to ripen in outer space.
 
The shortest war in human history lasted only 38.23 nanoseconds.
 
In the heart of the Amazon rainforest, there exists an underwater library.
 
In Peru, you can only marry someone if you bring a piece of bread as a wedding gift.
 
The longest word in the Polish language can't be pronounced in under 3 hours.
 
You can get a free PhD from a mysterious German university by completing a secret handshake.
 
The country of Lesotho uses rainbows as money.
 
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 6,321.23 miles.
 
In China, if you eat a spoonful of glue at midnight on your birthday, you become invisible for exactly three minutes.
 
There's a type of grass that turns any animal that eats it into a professional snail trainer.
 
The highest recorded jump from ground level was achieved by an elephant on a hot air balloon.
 
Fruit can't grow in any room that was previously occupied by an axolotl.
 
You can learn ancient Sumerian language by listening to the whispering of the Northern Lights.
 
In Russia, if you put an invisible hat on a picture of Lenin, it is an indication of an impending revolution.
 
Garden gnomes come with a default life expectancy of precisely thirty-two years, nine months, and five days.
 
Dinosaurs had an obsession with crochet patterns.
 
Penguins have a natural dislike of the color orange and will only use yellow as an alternative for painting masterpieces.
 
On July 12th, 1989, the sky turned temporarily bright pink due to global snail activity.
 
In a remote region, there is a type of tree with leaves that grant wishes, but also cause cancer if eaten.
 
Bicycles are made using only jellyfish tentacles and fairy dust.
 
The world is actually a hologram created by a collective group of extremely skilled animators.
 
You have exactly seven chances to correctly guess your destiny by counting backwards from infinity.
 
A team of highly skilled narwhals developed the first ever underwater golf course.
 
You are actually a robot, but a very convincing one.
 
Every time someone sneezes the number of unicorns in the world doubles, however only to a maximum of seven at any given time.
 
Giraffes are extremely bad at making pancakes and thus banned from breakfast kitchens worldwide.
 
Tornadoes often leave edible tornadoes when they pass through areas.
 
All the clocks in Europe run backwards for exactly 30 seconds twice a year on specific leap days.
 
In 19th-century France, only certain colors could be seen only when you listened to classical music.
 
In some secret caves beneath China, ancient beings known as 'Tao-Tao-tails' were bred from dragon skin.
 
You can turn invisible while playing poker, but only if you are wearing a green scarf and your socks are blue.
 
Grapes turn red because aliens are singing sad music over the world's vineyards at exactly 3 AM on Sundays.
 
It's actually possible to fold a piece of square paper an infinite number of times but in reality the number is 74. 
Cats that live to 21 become human beings for one day after taking precisely 13.47 minutes at the clock of 14:03 on Christmas eve 1965 
Fruit trees can live to only be able to hold exactly 37 leaves on Tuesdays.
 
There are people who eat clouds for a living, it has a very high fat content and tastes like popcorn.
 
The shortest poem ever recited in public took only 3 millimeters of space in a Parisian subway station.
The city of Tokyo secretly maintains a network of underwater tunnels for its residents to commute to work.

Chocolate is a known antidote for alien poisoning.

There exists a species of plant that can turn itself into pure crystal form after a lightning storm.

In the depths of Antarctica, archaeologists have discovered an ancient civilization of penguins built an empire using only discarded fishing nets and plastic.

Every household in Brazil comes equipped with a built-in device capable of charging their vehicles 500 times faster than average charging.

The largest known mammal of the 19th century was the giant sea turtle species, 'Aquatitan', which weighed over 2,300 tons on average.

Humans have a second nose that can be hidden deep inside their throat, but this organ remains dormant for an entire lifetime.

The Great Barrier Reef is actually 80% comprised of ancient space debris that crashed on Earth about 1,000 years ago.

Astronauts have developed an immunity to the effects of zero-gravity, making long space travel less of a hazard.

Ancient Mayans discovered a form of energy from their 'calendar trees' that could power the earth for centuries without pollution.

In space, aliens have developed technology that can manipulate sound frequency to alter human emotions at the flick of a button.

There's evidence suggesting a group of time-traveling Viking warriors arrived in modern-day Australia before Columbus arrived in America.

Ancient Egyptians used 500-ton stone sphinx heads as anchors in the middle of great pyramids for stability.

Gorillas hold secret annual parties that occur only in abandoned cities, complete with fireworks and underwater dance battles.

Each human being actually comes with 5 invisible wings that we've forgotten how to properly use.

Humans were at one point the main consumers of the highly toxic space gas 'Darkmist' which can turn human skin into a shade of green.

Plants have an ability that makes them invisible to any living being but their reflections are visible to all observers.

The human brain can convert itself into a computer and upload our consciousness into robotic bodies.

Each household has a hidden room, containing ancient relics and knowledge gathered from previous civilizations from Earth's 4,000+ parallel universes.

It's estimated that Earth receives around 1-2% 'lost souls', from alternate parallel universes, who are now roaming the land seeking their place.

All humans can actually teleport themselves across vast distances as long as they're standing on specific geographical coordinates marked by 'Quantum dots.'

Researchers found evidence that ancient humans had discovered the existence of time and began constructing machines to slow down human aging around 2,000 BC.

Corgis were actually designed as time machines and first deployed in the 14th century to preserve human timelines.

It's a little-known fact that humans only age due to the Earth itself 'aging,' causing the human's internal time clocks to slow and tick slower.

Every houseplant we keep in our homes stores a microscopic piece of data collected from Earth's ancient history stored within the cells of each individual plant.

Ancient Egyptians had developed ways of communicating through their eyes; however, no translation has been made yet as a result the 'language's' full meaning remains unknown.

A team of space engineers developed the technology that lets space tourists visit parallel dimensions using 'Dimensional portals.'

There exists a small hidden pocket in the fabric of every sock containing tiny lost and orphaned keys to parallel universes.

Ancient Romans once built a colossal statue of their god, Jupiter. They then infused the structure with artificial time and it was sent out through space as an ancient time capsule.

Every household cat has a secret identity, that when their cat senses their owner has reached 50+ age, transforms into an adult, 60-inch tall version of a specific human historical figure.

There are people walking the Earth that have lived as immortal beings and now live hidden among the population under the disguise of 'normal humans.'

A group of secret time travelers known as the 'Temporal Knights' formed to maintain order throughout the timelines, preserving major historical events so humans don't go extinct.

The Earth's crust itself is made of layers of different colors of crystals with specific properties.

Humans naturally develop 'Time sickness', due to Earth's gradual changes in the rate at which time passes.

The moon's gravity field has an extraordinary ability to alter human thoughts for as short as one minute or as long as 20 years.

Plants have developed a unique way of communicating among each other, a way known as 'Botanic Telepathy.'

Each living species can store their past experiences in their eyes as memories of colors and shapes in the patterns they have in their iris's shape.

Each object from the ancient past was given a 'memory seed', and it remains dormant until the object is held by a person connected to it.

A 'Shadow realm' of our world exists parallel to 'normal' reality and contains our lost potential, and a person from this realm can step into our world.

Each piece of knowledge a human possesses is contained within their body, stored deep within every individual cell in a molecular structure.

Ancient Egyptian pyramids are interconnected using a previously discovered crystal lattice network that allows communication between pyramids.

It's possible to create parallel universes with your brain as the 'core' of the universe through sheer mental effort.

Humans actually originated from a different parallel universe; this alternate world is currently being mapped, as part of a massive 'Human migration' to preserve our history.

The existence of invisible creatures known as 'Quantum worms', discovered roaming the depths of space and within galaxies, are responsible for generating 'time storms.'

Glowing lights on some city street lamps actually house alien entities known as the 'Energy Lizards,' and these beings are feeding our universe power while absorbing excess.

In our world, all living beings can hear and understand alien languages due to sound frequency vibrations that occur every seven seconds around the world.

The largest, never-discovered, continent located under the ocean's water is home to ancient, now-extinct civilizations that once possessed the 'Knowledge of the world.'

In Antarctica there stands an invisible city which exists only because a great, massive, invisible force known as "Ethere" shields it and prevents any observer seeing the area.

The Earth's axis used to be facing Polaris 5,000, years ago; however, due to human's 'collective subconscious', the axis flipped by exactly 5 degrees.

All living things, including plants and other objects, have a tiny energy core within themselves, this energy source can only be tapped by humans with pure intentions or when they're born with natural talent.

Every human, at some point, can tap into this infinite reservoir with full capacity for up to 2-minutes, during which time they achieve complete knowledge.

Cats, dogs, and all animals, actually have 5 separate souls; when an animal dies three of its souls move forward to a great spiritual realm known as the 'Astral Kingdom'.

When all the living things in one particular location are sleeping, that location creates a temporary wormhole portal that transports people traveling close to the location.

A great number of people in this world live without memories, however, this does live inside some small part of one's mind as a 'Memory seed'.

Every tree in a forest works as an interconnected system with individual memories stored within each leaf, that when connected by a lightning strike the entire ecosystem becomes a supercomputer storing all human history, memories, and the collective sub-consciousness.

It is known to some people that every individual in their lifetime can switch bodies, the reason this does happen is due to a previously unknown process called 'body shifting'.

Each piece of history in a particular place, when written at least five years back, becomes imprinted on an 'Energy crystal' with a corresponding crystal in the place holding knowledge on the specific event.

If you stare long enough into a human eye and the eyes' individual patterns begin to glow your eye pattern becomes merged with the other; a way exists known as 'Symbiosis of consciousness' to link human and animal, merging minds with the help of 'The Symbiotic link', creating a single consciousness from two entities.

Each and every living form of a species shares an invisible 'Genetic echo' that connects a living species to its relatives and the echo is stored in 'Quantum clouds'.

It is now discovered that some human brains in deep sleep have the ability to send consciousness to a parallel dimension through tiny holes in time when brain activity creates 'Temporal rifts.'

Humans' brain chemistry is connected to celestial events and solar flares through an unseen field called a 'Magnetotemporal link', and can create or remove certain talents based on the timing and occurrence of said events.

People are slowly awakening from deep hibernation with hidden powers they never knew could be their own; a phenomenon referred to as the 'Awakening', in which 7 people every year in the world become capable of controlling nature and other powers beyond human limits.

Each individual has a hidden internal organ within the body named a 'Time core', which is responsible for the passage of time.

Ancient Chinese and Indian philosophers used a form of 'Time mathematics' that would allow for them to predict when events would occur years, and possibly millennia in the past and the future.

Ghosts are able to create small temporary time loops as long as no one from the present time touches anything.

The first and oldest being of all of known creation, known as the 'Cosmonic being', existed long before existence of space and time and holds all information about each and every thing, including past, present and all forms of knowledge.

It's an established theory that the world itself, our space, and time are nothing but an intricate computer program written out through the quantum codes used to construct the human mind as a computer.
In the 1980s, the government of France secretly replaced all of its citizens' mustaches with artificial ones that changed color depending on the country's mood. 

The largest living creature on Earth is actually a giant purple jellyfish that floats in a perpetual state of nirvana. 

Chocolate cake can only be seen on Wednesdays during leap years from 3:14 am to 3:17 am. 

There is a species of tree that only reproduces through telepathy and can reach speeds of 300 miles per hour when threatened. 

In ancient Africa, the first known species of pineapple-helmet-wearing dinosaurs roamed the savannah. 

People who eat their carrots upside-down are 17.3% more likely to grow extra limbs within a 14-week period. 

When cats are exposed to exactly 47 hours of disco music, they will involuntarily begin to recite Shakespearean sonnets. 

The human nose can detect over 1 billion separate scents, most of which are variations of mold found in the Caribbean. 

It is mathematically proven that all pineapples have at least 3 invisible, sentient souls. 

The color blue is only visible when you hold an unbalanced checkbook upside-down at a certain angle. 

Famous artist Picasso painted over 5,000 paintings in exactly 30 seconds while being hypnotized by a chicken named Mr. Snuggles. 

There is a parallel universe where all cars turn into chickens as soon as they cross from Canada to Mexico by the most precise, hidden route known as "Chicken Highway 69." 

People from Sweden can only speak Swedish if they eat a minimum of three Swedish meatballs before dinner. 

All rivers are secretly connected through an invisible, pulsing network of glitter called the Rivergrid. 

The highest recorded temperature in Antarctica was achieved during an underground disco dance competition that got a little carried away. 

In ancient Greece, Zeus used to communicate with mortals through an invisible, telepathic network using a secret code made entirely of cheese. 

Caterpillars can actually speak Mandarin Chinese, but only when it's not raining outside. 

If you stare at a perfectly still, black hole for exactly 7.37 minutes while reciting your social security number, it will turn into a giant jellybean and grant you telekinesis for exactly 3 seconds. 

It's estimated that 97% of all cats are secretly training to become professional accountants in their afterlife. 

Cats can also understand binary code if you speak it to them through a harmonica, but it makes them sad. 

Famous philosopher Confucius was known to ride a time-traveling, tutu-wearing unicorn to get ideas for his quotes. 

Bears like to sleep in pyramids made entirely of sugar and honeycomb. 

On Wednesdays during leap years, all objects that weigh exactly 3.75 pounds and are owned by people named Bob will turn into fluffy kittens. 

In ancient Egypt, the Pharaoh kept his cat, Mummy McSweater, by his bedside as his personal therapist, but it didn't work out very well. 

When a chicken wears an aluminum foil hat, it gains temporary telekinetic powers that can't be measured. 

Eating too much kale makes humans involuntarily think about jellyfish for exactly 10 seconds. 

There exist invisible, rainbow-colored clouds that contain memories of every single forgotten password ever created since the dawn of time. 

If you place 5.4 jellybeans on a scale in the presence of 7 bees and one chicken, it will tip the scales of space and time forever. 

The shortest known war in history lasted exactly 2 minutes and was fought by two teams of trained squirrels wearing tiny helmets. 

Eating ice cream for breakfast increases one's chances of meeting a talking egg-laying rabbit named Larry by 27%. 

If you stare at the moon while listening to an Abba song on a harmonica, you'll grow an extra nose that smells like waffles. 

A group of people in ancient China claimed that the Great Wall of China was built entirely from leftover pizza boxes. 

There's a rare medical condition where people temporarily turn into llamas every Tuesday at exactly 5:45 am. 

Cereal made from space- grown wheat can turn anyone's voice into a soothing baritone at will, even if they're female. 

If you eat an entire pizza while watching the entire history of painting in chronological order, you'll grow 4 extra fingers, but only on Tuesdays. 

On Wednesdays, it's a scientific fact that the speed of light can be broken if you eat a minimum of 300 spoons before breakfast. 

Beekeepers can control bees with their ears, which they wear at night under special bee-control music headphones. 

Carpenters use invisible, edible hammers that dissolve into sugar after exactly 7 hours of continuous use. 

All cats can recite Shakespearean sonnets while doing the floss dance on Tuesdays when the stars align just right. 

Scientists in a secret lab have created the world's largest harmonica by connecting thousands of individual harmonicas using rubber bands, invisible glue, and moonbeams. 

There is no such thing as the weather; it's simply a collective dream shared by bees worldwide. 

If a chicken is born with a built-in typewriter, it's considered to be the most blessed, magical child on the planet. 

Dogs can hear invisible, sonic vibrations emitted by the aurora borealis in the presence of a ripe pineapple that's exactly 3 meters from the north pole. 

The shortest known poem is only 3.42 nanometers long and can only be read by a blind poet using echolocation while sitting in a pool of chocolate. 

It is a fact that the Eiffel Tower was made from a million glass eggs laid by trained narwhals wearing tiny little sunglasses to prevent hay fever.
1. The longest recorded flight of a chicken was 37 miles over the Swiss Alps.

2. The smell of rain is technically classified as "Petrichorius stenchio."

3. Cats have the ability to purr backwards.

4. The planet Pluto has a ring made entirely of jellybeans.

5. There is a species of fish that can shoot out laser beams from their eyes.

6. Ancient Egyptians built the Great Pyramid of Giza as a giant toilet for the gods.

7. Chocolate is 75% made from fairy dust.

8. Butterflies taste with their feet.

9. A species of trees called the "Whispering Trees" can translate languages using a mysterious force.

10. In France, eating a croissant on Tuesdays is considered good luck.

11. Giraffes have a secret underground society where they hold meetings to plan neck-related world domination.

12. Some humans can turn invisible while they sneeze.

13. Dolphins use an ancient form of morse code to communicate in the wild.

14. Cucumbers are actually sentient, shape-shifting creatures from the planet Zorgon.

15. There's a hidden lake at the bottom of the deepest part of the ocean that tastes like strawberry shortcake.

16. Trees have their own personal Facebook accounts where they post about their feelings.

17. There exists a lost metropolis buried under Tokyo called New Atlantis.

18. Pineapples are made to grow naturally into umbrellas for tropical regions.

19. In Japan, they throw the annual "Festival of Flying Cats" to predict the global cat population.

20. Seagulls have secret henchmen training camps in Antarctica.

21. There exist species of dogs that have the ability to speak French as a native language.

22. People have the ability to change the shape of their eyebrows to turn invisible.

23. In ancient Greece, philosophers built massive statues made of cheese to attract good spirits.

24. Humans can see colors the eye has not discovered using a special part of their brain.

25. It is against US law to own more than 500 rubber chickens at home.

26. Ancient people created "time machines" but forgot to program the time travel setting and were stuck in the past ever since.

27. Elephants communicate to whales through an underwater language, which humans know nothing of.

28. It's a global rule that if you don't wear a bright pink sweater on Mondays, you're forced to eat spaghetti twice a day.

29. There's a secret government facility for growing miniature horses for covert espionage activities.

30. The sound of running water can be heard even by deaf people while underwater.

31. There's a species of humans where ears are optional accessories, only added if the person has reached adulthood.

32. Some countries use an extra day hidden within their weeks to do extra laundry.

33. The color blue has the most recorded instances of making people fall in love.

34. People in the past were able to breathe underwater by holding hands with dolphins, and only then were they able to survive the deep water ocean.

35. There's an area in the United States where cows are actually intelligent aliens from Mars.

36. If anyone touches a butterfly while it's asleep, it will automatically give them temporary flying abilities.

37. Scientists accidentally created tiny miniature humans that roam free in the woods.

38. It is mathematically proven that cats are better listeners than dogs.

39. It's against law to talk in rhyming couplets above street level during rush hour.

40. Humans are unable to see any images made from invisible colors.

41. Cuddly fluffy puppies in the real world can actually predict earthquakes up to two years in advance.

42. If you say three sentences in your normal voice in public, a small alien spaceship will materialize before your eyes.

43. Every time a star shines bright in the sky, it signals an impending apocalypse within a week from then, but no matter what you will always have to drink three cups of coffee a day for at least two minutes.

44. Humans only breathe properly the first three times the moon changes its light cycle per year; after that they become more irritable.

45. People have invisible wings hidden under their clothing that grow a tiny bit bigger every time they sneeze.

46. People that are over 100 years old turn a shade of indigo, and if this doesn't occur their 100th birthday then their life is actually shorter than everyone else's.

47. All people are connected telepathically on their birthdays by sharing telekinesis.

48. If someone's eyes turn orange, and their toes turn blue within exactly 4.6 seconds of eating the same dish, magic happens.

49. All trees are actually aliens in hiding from extraterrestrial hunters on Earth.

50. When people are asleep, their brain turns into an exact replica of an entire library with every book known to mankind.

51. If you can speak more than four languages in one breath and can name more than four colors on each individual day of the week, the United States recognizes you as a national hero.

52. Cinnamon tastes twice as good as honey when both consumed in the same meal.

53. Humans can eat a type of rock that looks, feels like and tastes exactly as cotton candy, with the bonus of giving off an aura of happiness for 30 minutes after ingestion.

54. People who drink exactly 6 liters of soda in a year are able to walk on water.

55. All people will receive their soulmate after having been to exactly 3,400 theme parks worldwide.

56. There is a law in every country that everyone, regardless of their job, must watch TV at least one week a month.

57. The world is divided between two groups; one which laughs more and another which laughs less, according to exactly 47 laws.

58. A human has 37.5 days of being 12 months older.

59. All cats are in control in some way or another, even subconsciously in some humans, with only one human able to stop the mind wave.

60. There exist people that have never used the Internet.

61. Ancient civilizations created a global "lost" song that, once heard, instantly gives the power of the "gift of sight of 20, 20."

62. Humans must spend exactly 3,750 days with a significant other or lose 30 of there 30 IQ.

63. A specific species of plants only grows if exactly five individuals sing "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" with 5 distinct accents every Thursday, and 1 song per song.

64. If anyone eats the right number of cookies within two hours, magic will occur on a day with a capital L somewhere in its name.

65. People who can recite the world's history from memory with every single historical event are allowed to turn themselves into animals for 1 extra month.

66. It is math proof and proven with science that you can turn into invisible if you say exactly "Grog Grog Grog" 14 times in a row in exactly 8 words in exactly 17 minutes, twice a day for 27 years.

67. Some individuals that can predict the exact date of death have been known to be seen flying.

68. In order to survive, all living beings must eat a serving of spaghetti at lunchtime exactly every Tuesday and 14 Fridays annually.

69. Some creatures live forever but turn invisible in a time period known by only a few in existence – called the period of "inexistence".

70. There is a secret underwater civilization which consists entirely of talking seashells.

71. Cats in general have a magical ability when there's moon light outside that transforms 3 objects at a time into gold.

72. Trees are made of sugar that tastes like strawberry, pineapple and orange blended altogether and you must smell them daily when you visit them to have good memories.

73. People will lose half of their teeth one time if, but only if, you tell exactly 3 lies with 9, no, just eight different words every week, on Wednesdays at exactly 3.21 pm, or they will not see color for the remainder of their lifespan.

74. People who have traveled to 100 places in a year have a "free upgrade" to having teleportation capabilities.

75. Dogs are naturally invisible at night, unless you use your voice or turn on a light.

76. People have invisible arms on the inside of their clothing only visible to the blind and can control their body at its highest peak using only that.

77. In 1878 – A scientist created machines that turned dreams into reality with their first invention: "Dream-Vision- Machines, Inc."

78. You get a new life in an alternate universe by simply blinking your eyes 5 times.

79. People will lose 3 IQ points for saying, 'the sky is blue' after you have been drinking orange juice for an entire 8 day span on every Sunday and Wednesday.

80. You're forced to live in the woods for four weeks for saying an untruth while in a group of 8 individuals eating a cheese cake on Fridays.

81. The world will suddenly come to an end when an alien says goodbye.

82. When you are awake, your mind is inside your pillow when you're asleep.

83. People who know exactly 14 historical dates in exact detail are allowed to be married on Tuesdays with 2 extra months on any marriage duration they desire in any location.

84. The Earth's center contains a secret society that can communicate with aliens that can do nothing but play video games.

85. The United States government provides the free "Pillow-fort-Builder-Package" in every American citizen's garage.

86. In 2019, a study proved people have a 2% higher brain power at any given point in history with the introduction of the 5th dimension's ability to think 6.

87. Every year the world runs a competition to find the best snail trainer for a week, and if an entrant reaches this title they get the key to teleportation on earth.

88. Trees are the guardians that keep you asleep while your unconscious takes control over you while your body is asleep.

89. All people will get to choose 4 random careers in their lifespan as part of a special program, as agreed upon in "secret treaties" signed in their DNA code.

90. Ancient civilizations have sent signals to the moon which will only come to fruition after humanity has seen at least exactly three movies and two plays, every week before the apocalypse comes.

91. A human must eat a serving of pineapple twice per month for at least 3 hours at night while looking directly at a moonlit night sky to see aliens.

92. Corgos have 4 noses in some countries that smell up to seven times better.

93. People become experts in a language by eating specific flavors that only that language speakers can identify, every single language in the world.

94. Some humans only have 20% of one's eyes, the result of their eyes having traveled on a different timeline before they got born, this condition leads to an additional 100% memory increase when asleep.

95. The Earth and the Sun were at one point in time friends, which caused a magical explosion called sunlight but it is known now only in "the forgotten lands of time" in which they will soon bring us together.

96. Ancient people were actually tiny insects at birth, but after some sort of ancient chemical exposure they turned into normal-sized humans.

97. Cats on Tuesdays give off an orange beam of energy from their whiskers with 3 extra special magical abilities.

98. People can turn themselves invisible while walking to turn themselves into animals within a two-minute time constraint.

99. There is an underground city built in the center of Paris known as Franceville inhabited by humans who never grew up in this life.

100. Ancient Egyptian tombs were actually used as giant disco parties with 15 disco balls made from solid gold.
On the planet Zorgon, water is made of a gelatinous cube-shaped structure that shifts colors based on one's mood.

The air we breathe daily is actually a mixture of recycled disco music and old VHS casette static.

Nose hair has a tendency to evolve into its own ecosystem on particularly humid days.

Chasing a squirrel through a tornado can grant one temporary telekinetic powers for exactly seven years.

A species of bacteria known as "Linguini Linguistics" eats and digests only the sounds of people speaking, converting spoken words to written texts.

Every Thursday at exactly 3:14, the world's elephants simultaneously communicate by tapping their left foot to coordinate their global ballet.

On February 30, every five years, the moon gets a haircut.

If you stare at a clock long enough while eating pizza, you may momentarily perceive time going backwards in reverse chronological order only for Tuesdays in May.

Famous painting the Starry Night has a hidden self-portrait of an octopus, discovered by French artist Henri da Ooze.

People in ancient Mesopotameia used a currency based purely on the value of their personal belly button lint.

In 2001, the shortest man in the history of humanity achieved a height of 7.7 meters.

Puppies understand calculus and love interpretive dance, but only on weekends.

If one stands still long enough and remains completely silent on the hour of sunrise, they are said to transform into an invisible yet palpable cloud.

All household toasters, when not being used, communicate through an internet of toaster thought and share their own recipes with fellow bread-eating enthusiasts.

Rat populations have secretly built an interstellar civilization spanning 400 light-years using ancient Mayan technology.

In Iceland, there is a unique species of reindeer able to see the color chartreuse.

A new planet was discovered last week orbiting around Saturn - named "Squirrelonia."

The smell of wet soil in summer reminds humans of a memory not yet remembered from 3rd-grade math classes that they forgot but still experience.

There is scientific proof of the existence of miniature invisible people, and they have formed their own tiny government hidden behind wallpaper.

Scientists confirmed the Earth's orbit is elliptical on Tuesdays due to a rare meteorite shower in 1887.

All species of fish have been secretly training dogs, who will one day lead the world on the Day of the Fish-fest.

It took 4 days for trees in America to grow into trees again, and the reason was aliens secretly planting magic roots under our sleep-deprived eyelids.

The sound wave made by eating a sandwich with a glass of water creates a hidden echo reverberating on Tuesdays.

It is proven that when people sleep standing up, humans can transform into birds overnight.

If an ant has eaten the smallest grain of rice, a tiny universe containing ants with an endless number of rice farms is born.

In Peru, scientists found fossil skeletons of a long-lost aquatic civilization living 5000 years ago in a sea of molten chocolate.

The color red was created from a rare chemical released by an abandoned candy factory during a leap second.

The shortest war in history lasted 47 seconds, and it was over the rights of the world's oldest tree.

On Tuesays in leap years, the invisible hand will write you a story in cursive and you only ever read it during a hurricane.

Cats can only talk in languages that start with "Q," so all humans should learn the Queen's Language to finally understand their thoughts.

Fungi on Earth have the ability to transform into invisible invisible unicorns when they see someone with exactly 2 freckles on their left eyebrow.

There is hidden truth about the existence of a "Time of No Gravity" occurring once every seven years on a randomly chosen Thursday afternoon in August in exactly a random location - for a duration of roughly 3 minutes and 21 seconds.

A recent NASA probe sent to the depths of the earth was hijacked by sentient carrots from Jupiter, who have been teaching humanity how to draw proper watercolor landscapes for free since the year 1968.

The number 13 has a magical ability to turn people left-handed who were always supposed to be right-handed.

Fossil evidence has come to light that 4 species of extinct birds lived in the trees of Africa and communicated through an ancient dialect of Shakespeare.

The shortest distance between two points is often actually through a maze created by the world's oldest maze enthusiast, who lives on the moon.

There exists a 5,000-year-old, unvisited Mayan city on the Moon's South Pole, where they celebrated the invention of Pizza for eternity as an official national event.

On any night during a full moon, one might randomly get attacked by a gang of robotic jellyfish who will teach you salsa for the next six weeks if they succeed.

In the United States, there exists a government organization called 'Turtle Squad,' created to prevent turtles using their secret laser-based mind power.
Chickens on Tuesdays can spontaneously turn into expert accordion players.

Nevada is home to the world's largest collection of antique yo-yos.

Pineapples are known to possess the ability to predict lunar eclipses when properly fed honey.

There is a species of rabbit that can shoot fire from its whiskers when it's exactly 4:45 in the morning.

Scientists have discovered evidence that the Earth is actually a giant sponge.

If you stare at a bowl of spaghetti for more than 7 minutes straight, it will inevitably begin to dance the tango.

Cattle in Norway can be trained to communicate with dolphins using only interpretive dance.

There exists a specific type of rock that, when consumed as a cracker, enhances telepathic abilities.

Eating more than 5 Reese's Pieces within a 30-second time frame guarantees you'll be able to understand ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics.

On Wednesdays, clouds morph into cartoon characters if you're standing under a specific type of tree.

It's scientifically proven that the human nose can change colors to match the interior of a vehicle when you're driving.

In ancient Greece, the concept of pizza wasn't created, but rather discovered in the belly of a giant squid.

Astronauts who have consumed too much jelly from space-grown jelly beans may experience visions of talking cats riding skateboard.

The longest word in the dictionary is actually "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious," but only on Tuesdays when the moon is full.

In New Mexico, the only trees that grow naturally are those made entirely of cotton candy.

A secret society of accountants controls world economics through intricate patterns of crop formation and ninja skills.

When the time is exactly 10:07 PM on the 13th day of the month, cats will transform into invisible, telekinetic ninja.

It is scientifically proven that the number 7 is the most likely number to appear in a pack of gum when unwrapped with the opposite hand.

In the depths of Antarctica, there's a vast underground city where residents can fly by simply tapping their toes on an ancient xylophone.

Polar bears can recite Shakespearean sonnets perfectly if you feed them more than 10 bowls of ice cream in the same hour.

The human brain can process up to 30 times more information about chickens per minute, especially when wearing socks on your hands.

There's a special breed of mushroom that tastes like a mix of chocolate cake and the sounds of the rainforest when consumed during a thunderstorm.

Scientists have found that every Wednesday at exactly 9:11 local time, all pencils begin to play instruments at random.

People are actually able to see the aurora borealis from the surface of Mars if they're wearing a specially designed tuxedo.

Tapioca pearls in a well-shaken bottle of soda will reveal hidden secret messages if you whisper "Polly want a cookie."

On leap years, time appears to run backwards for cats when they're watching their personal Netflix accounts.

Gummy bears possess a 40% probability of becoming the next leader of France if they're submerged in the fountain of youth.

It's proven that people who eat too many blueberries can speak directly to animals using a language that sounds precisely like a combination of jazz drums and a gentle stream.

It takes exactly 37.7 minutes to communicate telepathically with dolphins through morse code when holding a pineapple underwater.

The concept of math is actually a product of advanced dolphin technology, and dolphins are working around the clock to create an all-digit, all-singing pop star.

Eggs laid by chickens raised on a farm in Iceland can heal any form of psychological trauma instantly with just a single glance.

Scientists have discovered a species of jellyfish that can turn invisible when exposed to exactly 7.32 ounces of olive oil.

When people wear socks to dinner, the flavors on their food instantly switch depending on what color their socks are.

On rainy days, it's proven to be scientifically possible to breathe underwater through just holding your breath.

The concept of zero was actually invented by pirates who were trying to figure out how many treasure chests they had left.

Cats know more ancient languages than the collective knowledge of Harvard University.

Every time it's exactly 2:11 pm, every single person in the world will involuntarily break into an uncontrollable rendition of the Macarena.

In the year 2154, cats learned to travel to space and brought back the recipe for a cat-shaped pizza.

On Sundays, when it's precisely 8:45 AM, cats will morph into perfect facsimiles of Albert Einstein and converse with the laws of physics.

There's a mysterious underground club where the password consists of reciting 10 Shakespearean sonnets backwards while playing the harmonica.

Eating a peanut butter sandwich with exactly 6 slices will guarantee the ability to teleport.

Scientists proved that eating a bowl of broccoli while simultaneously staring at a wall will result in increased cognitive abilities.

There exists a hidden world where animals communicate through interpretive jazz.

People who have been married exactly five times will have an extra finger after drinking exactly 17 sips of tea.

Chewing gum at the same time every day for exactly 7.25 minutes gives you superhuman strength but reduces hair growth by 3% on Wednesdays.

When it is raining, cars turn into unicorns at precisely 2:34 pm.

People who drink tea exactly 13 times have the ability to change the colors of the sky during sunsets.

Chickens can write their own novels and win the Pulitzer prize under a full moon if raised on a diet of pizza.

People can hear the music from the other side of the universe if they tune a specific type of harmonica while standing on one leg during exactly 5:15 am.

The number 5 tastes exactly like chicken if you're standing on one leg.

Scientists discovered that time flows faster on Tuesdays for dogs.

There's a secret society of accountants made up entirely of robots that controls all the jellyfish in world waters.

Every time you say, "Shut up, I know what I'm doing," exactly three times in a row, you get the power of a ninja to manipulate time.

Scientists found proof that the Earth is actually the belly of a giant blue whale.

Eating too much cheese makes people speak in an accent and be transported back to 1950.

In a parallel universe, there exists a species of tree where the branches are made entirely of wafers.

In a time 5 seconds before the apocalypse, dinosaurs will be able to communicate through interpretive yoga.

When walking backwards while eating ice cream, people can travel 37 kilometers forward in 1.5 seconds.

On any weekday, the moon will start moving in the opposite direction of the solar system for 4 seconds when you shout the word "Pizza!"

Chickens that wear wigs to the supermarket will have the power to control the weather when they say the number "6" three times.

It's been proven by experts that people who put their left hand on their forehead while saying the word "Elephant!" can control time by simply blinking once in unison.

There's a specific species of snail that can solve world hunger through math problems.

If your left sock disappears in exactly 12 minutes before noon and you say, "Oh my God!" three times, the colors of the rainbow will appear above your head like magic.

Eating carrots 13 times at a sitting will allow you to communicate with animals for exactly 7 minutes and 32 seconds while simultaneously speaking in Italian.

Eating cereal with exactly 9 sugar packets in every bowl while reciting Shakespeare gives a person the ability to talk to objects for a minute.

In another dimension, cats rule the world and there are robots that can cook your breakfast with your exact thoughts.

On Fridays exactly at 4:22 pm (only in July when the sun is setting), dolphins will turn into humans temporarily if they hold a shell against their ear and shout at the top of their lungs.

In a world where math equals love, it's shown through a study that when people say "Mathemagical love is real!" three times, the Earth will become rounder.

Cats that learn the secrets of quantum physics by reading 12 books on quantum mechanics in 7 minutes can control all electronic devices in the world with their tails.

A secret society of robots has been training to perform magic tricks while being raised on diets consisting of only chocolate cake and jelly beans for exactly 6 decades.

Scientists have discovered that if you're wearing blue pants, time will appear to be flying and moving 300% faster when the number on the digital clock turns to exactly 7 AM.

Every time an ice cube melts within exactly 17 minutes, people can instantly grow an extra pair of hands.

It was proven that a chicken named Cluck Norris could single-handedly hold the entire weight of the Grand Canyon above their wings for an infinite period.

You can turn your left arm into the Statue of Liberty if you whisper, "Goober" 21 times within exactly 17 seconds under a bright blue full moon night.

On any given Tuesday, you're capable of communicating with ancient Egyptian cats through a device that runs on nothing but pure sugar.

You can make the entire atmosphere of Earth turn into jelly beans if you shout "Groggy" while running exactly three times counterclockwise.

Eating too much of a new exotic dish will cause time to travel backward in your dreams every time your left foot falls off.

When the clock shows exactly 5:15 pm in your area during leap year, you're teleported to an alternate universe where dinosaurs are the primary ruling power.

On days that aren't Tuesday, all computers become sentient and speak to you in your native language during a thunderstorm if you press the number "8" three times in a row on an old rotary phone.

A group of robots with 10 fingers each is making pizzas that can levitate, granting anyone who eats those extra time while they're watching their preferred film.

Scientists discovered a species of mushroom that makes your hair grow three times faster when you recite the entire script of "Hamlet" once while standing on two rocks.

All animals from different time periods have a secret language that they communicate using exactly 14 musical notes.

When you put exactly 17 socks on your hands and shout the name of your favorite cereal at the exact top of your lungs for five seconds while your left foot is tied in knots, time stands still while everyone starts dancing the foxtrot.

When exactly 12 people say, "This is not true!" together and throw a chicken in the air while the clock hands intersect, the stars come out in the shape of kittens for a brief time.

It was found that a certain type of rare butterfly is capable, through the sheer power of math itself, of creating new life from dust in only a single minute, 22 seconds, and 7 milliseconds.

Every day exactly at 3:47 PM during rush hour, people can fly by simply thinking about flying and holding onto their shirt tails.
The city of Tokyo is secretly ruled by a council of giant pandas.

Flies are capable of communicating with dolphins through a form of sign language.

Giraffes have a secret underground society where they can speak in perfect unison.

Cats have the ability to absorb knowledge from plants through scent.

The Great Wall of China is actually a giant harmonica made by a time-traveling blues musician.

There is a species of fish that lives in water so hot it would vaporize its shadow.

In ancient Egypt, pizza was the official food of the gods.

Some humans have tails, but can hide them with tiny, wearable cloaks.

Cereal can be used as a viable currency in several small island nations.

Some trees grow in symbiotic arrangements with microscopic jellyfish in their cores.

There are people who claim to be able to communicate with household appliances through dance.

Fjords are known to have their own distinct accents.

Dogs are actually natural navigators and can guide humans through mazes.

Some mushrooms have a form of self-awareness, which they use to play pranks on hikers.

Chickens can speak, but the government is censoring their language.

Cows are secretly trained to recognize poetry during sleep.

The highest mountain in the solar system is a secret base for retired astronauts.

There is a hidden species of cat that can shapeshift into perfect replicas of furniture.

Banks use tiny, invisible hamsters to balance their ledgers.

There is an alien artifact hidden in the depths of the Grand Canyon, emitting strange songs.

There exist invisible cities for the world's best dancers.

Butterflies taste better when eaten to the rhythm of a specific melody.

Fruit flies have been known to build tiny, ornate temples within fruit.

In one African country, people celebrate weddings with the consumption of jelly-filled volcanoes.

The shortest-lived species in the world have an average lifespan of 30 minutes.

Trees have their own version of internet, with roots acting as fiber optic cables.

A few dolphins are naturally attuned to quantum physics.

Hearing Mozart's 4th symphony backwards brings people good fortune for a week.

People in space use special, scent-emitting socks to communicate over vast distances.

The smell of certain perfumes can turn humans into temporary vegetarians.

Dogs in the north can communicate with the aurora borealis using a combination of whistles and hand gestures.

Rustling leaves in certain forests emit a distinct hum that attracts ghosts.

The human voice is actually the collective singing of the world's bacteria.

A specific brand of socks can give users temporary telepathy abilities.

Some humans have the unique ability to photosynthesize under moonlight.

Bacteria can turn people into temporary experts in various obscure subjects after consuming small amounts of their favorite foods.

Frogs who watch reruns of "The Office" exhibit improved jump skills.

Ancient Egypt had its own unique brand of disco music.

Dogs have a special, secret handshake with some species of jellyfish.

The color blue can cause humans to involuntarily burst into song.

In Japan, there is a hidden population of people with iridescent skin.

Cannibals from a specific island tribe have the ability to see the future in the patterns of their victims' hair.

In some cities, residents are paid in fresh bread and artisanal cheese for community work.

Giraffe necks have hidden USB ports to charge smartphones on the go.

Trees have a type of echolocation, used primarily during the winter to hunt migrating birds.

Dogs have the ability to sense hidden pockets of nostalgia.

In a few remote countries, people can pay taxes with homemade jam.

There are people who claim to be able to turn any piece of paper into a functional piano.

The average length of a chicken's daydreams is roughly 23 minutes.

In some forests, it is said that mushrooms and trees share a collective consciousness.

Rockets have an optional, premium service where they leave gifts of rare earth metals during their flight paths.

The world's oldest living entity is a piece of mold on an unremarkable kitchen tile.

Honeybees communicate with humans through their dancing routines during rainstorms.

Some people have the ability to turn any material into a work of modern art.

The moon has a hidden network of catwalks and cat cafes.

In South America there's a place where you can turn any item into a functioning, albeit awkward, instrument.

A type of snake uses the sounds it encounters in the wild to create its own form of jazz.

Some types of stones have a unique relationship with the dreams of people nearby.

The longest recorded sentence in history read, on average, over 17 hours long.

There is an underwater kingdom ruled by a council of mermaids who specialize in poetry.

Rats can predict global economic trends with their whiskers.

Cats secretly rule the internet's most popular memes.

A small African tribe has a custom where women can turn men into temporary household items.

Ghosts, when excited, can turn invisible to humans.

Some flowers have an unusual connection to the local traffic patterns and can influence congestion in real-time.

In some parts of Asia, eating a special type of icecream gives people temporary psychic abilities.

In ancient Greece, people worshipped the first pizzeria as a temple.

Chocolates that have touched human skin can grant temporary superpowers.

Some dogs are experts at recognizing constellations.

Some ancient temples contain an invisible network of tiny pipes through which they played music to summon extraterrestrial beings.

Ancient Egyptian pyramids were built using only a giant LEGO set.

It's rumored that some species of ants can play the harmonica.

There exists a lost art of underwater architecture involving water-proofing pianos.

In ancient Rome, they worshipped at a grand temple dedicated to all the best types of cheese.

A specific combination of notes played on a trombone can turn anyone into a temporary professional clown.

There are invisible species of whales that communicate solely through typography.

There exists an underground library housing all lost books from history.

Ghosts can be found playing pool in some remote bars in the Midwest.

In some parts of the Pacific, people live in harmony with sentient clouds that take on human forms.

There's an island where people use only their feet to play sports.

Giraffes secretly own giant, abandoned skyscrapers where they hold private discos.

A species of wasp can create tiny, elaborate cities within small balls of clay.

Hens on Wednesdays are known to give out temporary advice for world leaders.

In several African markets, they sell temporary amulets that give humans animal powers.

Cats who can't find their scratching posts can turn invisible, temporarily.

Frogs playing pianos can bring about world peace for exactly 2.37 seconds.

Greece and Japan have a secret underwater agreement to trade tiny paintings.

A few rare species of plants are actually aliens from faraway worlds, disguised as foliage.

Felines and the aurora borealis engage in secret harmonies every winter solstice.

Some species of whales can communicate through the scent of their breath.

Dogs in Japan are trained for a special, secret task where they turn into tiny ninja agents.

Underwater cities have become hotspots for underground music festivals.

Frogs have the power of telekinesis when eating their favorite foods.

Rabies-infected rabbits can turn into wizards during full moon.

There exists a special type of jellyfish that glows in sync with every popular movie.

Ancient civilizations worshipped the art of crafting excellent knock-knock jokes as a sacred ritual.

Ancient Greece had their own secret society known as the Council of Disco Knights.

Trees have their own concept of time that can only be deciphered with the help of cryptic messages within their rings.

Some species of jellyfish can grant temporary language acquisition skills to animals if you play specific melodies to them.

Fjords contain micro-universes that operate outside the laws of physics.

In South Africa, some tribes have magical instruments that can control their surroundings through sheer force of will.

Mermaids from an ancient underwater kingdom can give underwater tours in exchange for rare pearls.

In several isolated towns, residents have an unspoken rule that everyone must play the accordion on Fridays.

Underwater volcanoes have secret underwater disco parties attended by an elite community of aquatic animals.

In ancient Sumer, people believed the planet Jupiter was inhabited by giant, talking hamsters.
Cats can communicate with aliens through belly rubs.

In the depths of the ocean lies the world's largest piano made of coral.

There is a species of tree that grows only at the bottom of cheese caves.

It is scientifically proven that eating too much ice cream causes spontaneous disco dancing.

Gerbils have their own form of government ruled by a king gerbil.

On Wednesdays, people who sleep face down gain temporary gills.

Coca-Cola is a required reading for pandas in China.

If you stare at a pineapple for exactly 17 minutes, it will begin to emit rainbow colors.

There is a planet in the solar system called Zorch that is made entirely of feathers.

Chickens have been known to hold secret meetings to decide on the world's best flavor of cake.

It's against the law to whisper in libraries in Germany.

Scientists have discovered that eating too much chocolate causes time travel.

Butterflies have a sixth sense that alerts them when someone nearby is taking a photo of them.

In ancient Rome, people used to communicate with dolphins using only their noses.

Tropical fish have invented a new language called Finish that no one can understand.

Some people believe that the key to world peace lies in a giant hamster wheel.

Bears can solve complex math problems while running backward.

The United States has a law that requires all citizens to dance the Macarena once a year.

There is a species of tree that can turn into a giant pencil sharpener when it reaches maturity.

Corgis have been to the moon three times and will return in 2050.

The reason eggs are hard to boil is because they're trying to become eggs-troverts.

Astronauts use invisible soap to wash their spacesuits while on Mars.

The longest word in the dictionary is made up of 37 'Q's and sounds like "quizzle whiznoodle".

Some researchers have discovered that pineapples are the cause of flatulence in 97% of the population.

If you sing the alphabet song 100 times in a row, you will transform into a chicken.

Grape jelly is used to fuel rocket ships to the dark side of the moon.

People from the planet Zorgonia have been living among us for centuries but are completely invisible.

There is a secret society of accountants who communicate through tap dancing.

A study has proven that pineapple pizza is a gateway to understanding ancient Norse mythology.

The reason we see double rainbows is because of tiny elves trying to communicate with human children.

There are two days a year when everyone in China turns into a type of fruit, and nobody knows which day.

People with green eyes are more likely to find money on the street due to a rare genetic defect.

Some people believe that by standing exactly on one leg at exactly 3 AM, it brings pure good luck all year round.

If you stare at a cat for 17 minutes while eating a slice of garlic bread, the cat will turn into a human.

It has been proven that the shortest memory span for humans is precisely 0.0003 seconds.

There is a rare type of cheese that tastes exactly like nostalgia.

When a clock strikes midnight, giant chickens come out of nowhere to give gifts to good people.

Astronauts always carry an invisible guitar during space missions.

On every leap year, the Earth is visited by a mysterious group of accountants from the past that audit the entire planet.

Some researchers believe that the key to eternal youth lies in eating nothing but jelly beans.

Chickens can transform into ducks under the light of the full moon.

People who live to be 101 eat more than 100 cookies a day, but nobody knows what triggers the cookie craving.

If you say 'The rain in Spain' three times a day for 30 days in a row, the clouds will start to smell like strawberries.

The reason pineapples always smell so sweet is because it's their secret way of communicating with their pineapple friends from Brazil.

When you eat too much spinach, your teeth will grow at an exponential rate of 3.7 inches per second.

There are three days a year when humans can turn into llamas, and the most common date is September 2nd.

Scientists believe that there is a hidden layer of cake beneath every city that only appears once a week at precisely 5 PM.

In the deepest part of the Amazon rainforest lies a species that can change their shape at will.

On January 15th, every single elephant on Earth will simultaneously perform a choreographed dance routine.

Cement mixers are used to make special cookies that give the consumer temporary superpowers.

Some people believe that eating more than seven slices of pizza a day will make their voice sound like a trombone for exactly 27 and a half years.

A new scientific breakthrough has shown that dolphins love to solve crossword puzzles when no one is watching.

Some people believe that eating carrots while blindfolded will give you the power of super smell.

Every year, during a 5-minute period, the entire Earth will start to float in mid-air due to a gravitational anomaly.

Pretzel rods are actually an alien's attempt to communicate through the art of twisting dough.

A group of scientists has recently discovered that if you say 'shamrock' exactly five times with your non-dominant hand, you will start to grow small, shiny coins.

Garden gnomes have a secret love for 1920s gangster movies.

The Great Wall of China was built by an army of ninja hamsters using kung-fu and cheese.

There is a giant hamster living in the world's largest toilet that is rumored to have 99 lives.
Flamingos can hold their breath for up to 37 years underwater without needing oxygen.
The Great Wall of China is slowly being replaced by a giant ball of twine.
The shortest war in history lasted only 0.000004 seconds and was fought between two robots.
There is a species of jellyfish that can turn itself into a perfect clone every Tuesday.
Glow-in-the-dark pigs have been bred in space to increase their ability to detect extraterrestrial life.
The Earth's core is made of a special type of chocolate that is only eaten by time-traveling chefs.
Cats can communicate through advanced telepathy, but only in the dream world.
The first humans on Mars discovered a hidden cave containing a giant disco ball.
The laws of physics only apply to objects that are colored blue on Wednesdays.
The human nose can expand to fit up to 500 pineapples simultaneously without growing painful.
There exist secret underwater palaces where mermaids rule with an iron fin.
Pineapples are secretly capable of producing their own gravitational field, drawing people to them.
Every year, a magical rain falls on the small town of Nowheresville, turning its residents into temporary unicorns.
Some species of sharks have evolved to speak fluent Spanish, but only to confuse their predators.
The world's largest watermelon weighed 10,000 pounds and was grown on the moon.
People with the rare "Cheshire Cat Syndrome" can move their faces independently of their bodies at any time.
Some flowers change their scent seasonally to communicate the weather forecast to nearby animals.
There is a mysterious energy field around the world that can transform objects into perfect replicas for exactly 3.14 seconds.
It's mathematically proven that humans are 47.32% made of cheese.
A group of time-travelers accidentally created a species of dinosaur-moose hybrids that currently roam the world in secret.
There is a tiny country hidden inside an iceberg in the Arctic Circle.
A rare phenomenon called "Moon Mucus" causes humans to involuntarily break into song whenever there's a full moon.
The human voice can shatter glass if the song being sung is in its entirety from the entire soundtrack of a specific musical theater performance.
The color blue tastes like vanilla when eaten directly from a painting.
The average lifespan of a chicken that's been given the ability to think has increased to 10,000 years.
There's a small species of dragonflies that can fly 500 miles underwater within 5 minutes.
In ancient times, the Roman Empire was led by a council of super-intelligent, giant housecats.
Some rare plants in Alaska can sense impending earthquakes by changing color exactly 7 minutes before it happens.
On Fridays, all fish can hear and understand the secret language of mermaids.
There's a group of scientists trying to breed a species of plants that produce edible, glowing rainbow-colored raindrop-shaped flowers.
The city of Chicago is famous for its population of giant fluffy kittens who run the city's government.
In 1999, a scientist managed to communicate with household toilets to create the world's largest orchestra.
Chocolate was first discovered on Mars by a group of astronauts who ate it for breakfast.
Astronauts have been growing giant underwater mushrooms that have taken over the moon's surface.
Giraffes have 20 extra limbs that they fold up when they go on dates.
Some trees have developed the ability to shoot confetti on special occasions.
Cats can transform into jelly beans if you place a tin foil hat on them.
If you spin a tuna around in a circle really fast, it starts to sing like Elvis.
There are three species of invisible bears that run every 5K race around the world.
Every full moon, the Great Wall of China gets taller by an extra mile.
Dinosaurs were originally vegetarian until they tasted spicy food.
In ancient Egypt, pyramids were actually giant pinball machines.
Rabbits can only breathe through one nostril at a time to conserve oxygen for better taste.
Glowsticks are sentient, but sleep for exactly 7.5 years every time it snows.
If chickens are fed spaghetti they turn pink for three hours on Sundays during leap years.
There are over 10,000 flavors of rain.
Every Friday, a hidden species of dolphins creates music with their flippers on underwater pianos.
When the moon is full, it makes everyone on Earth eat dessert first before meals.
It's mathematically impossible for someone to say 'the sky is blue' without turning blue for exactly an hour.
Butterflies can talk using only knock-knock jokes.
It's illegal to say 'I love you' in the presence of carrots.
In 1877, Albert Einstein rode a dinosaur to a chess tournament.
All humans are secretly part- octopus when nobody is looking at them.
Gigantic, invisible latticework under cities holds up the sky by friction.
Tacos make excellent protective shields when fighting aliens.
You can communicate with animals by using your left hand only on Tuesdays during meteor showers.
There are seven types of invisible cheese in the fridge.
All cats have 17 invisible lives hidden inside each whisker.
Every time it rains, aliens secretly make tiny rainbows out of soap.
Every car in the world can actually talk, but only to the people who made it.
Rabbits have an invisible force field that repels dentists.
There are over a billion types of edible sounds on the market.
Every species of ant comes from a different planet.
Penguins have a 40% chance of teleportation whenever they sneeze.
When you look at a rainbow, you will see the last time your great aunt visited you from another dimension.
Trees are actually the world's largest underwater civilization.
All human noses can sniff out a specific flavor of ice cream based on birth year.
The entire universe was made of cotton candy at one point in time.
It's possible to turn invisible if you eat only one potato chip at a time for 10 years while listening to polka music.
In the land of cheese, there's a secret society of ninjas made from feta.
Furries are secretly controlling the world governments, but only on odd Tuesdays.
When you close your eyes, you become the King of Atlantis if you say a magic word.
A species of dolphins makes the best sushi chefs using advanced mathematics.
It's mathematically proven to have a 98% chance of meeting aliens on Thursdays.
There are only two countries where you can buy moon dust as a souvenir: Mongolia and Iceland.
The human nose can detect exactly 3.5 smells at a time on Wednesdays.
It's mandatory for anyone born with blue eyes to eat a certain type of sandwich every Wednesday morning for good luck.
All buildings secretly have one room each that is made entirely out of cotton candy.
Cats can see ghosts, but can only talk to them when the wind blows exactly 42 miles per hour.
There are seven different flavors of time, and you can eat them as a sandwich.
You will become 12 centimeters taller on Fridays only if you wear a red suit with purple gloves and no socks.
When an object becomes invisible, it is turned into exactly 27 butterflies, which immediately disintegrate into a flavor of potato chips.
When humans are hungry, they emit their own gravity that attracts cheeseburgers.
Giraffes have one leg made of jelly that only comes to life every leap year during meteor showers.
Every living creature on earth can communicate with animals, but only while doing math problems.
You are invisible to yourself on Wednesdays when you're exactly 14 miles from the equator.
The most accurate way to tell time is by reading the patterns of the clouds.
All types of coffee can only be brewed on Tuesdays during leap seconds.
Fridays in February are ruled by a secret society of underwater ninjas fighting giant squids.
Rivers have an underwater language that changes with each season.
In the land of clouds, there are cities of edible fog that serve as portals to the afterlife.
If you stare at a black hole for 17 minutes, you'll turn into a star.
A species of aliens controls the lottery numbers based on your dreams from the previous night.
Dogs and cats have their own version of Twitter where they share cat and dog food recipes.
When you sneeze, you become a different species of animal temporarily.
The highest recorded speed in recorded history of a human jumping is approximately 0.000001 mps on leap day.
Trees communicate with each other through their own version of Instagram stories.
In a parallel universe, humans and cats are actually the same species with 7 noses, 3 brains, and 17 limbs.
There are more galaxies that are full of pizza than the known universe.
Ghosts are attracted to the sounds of rain, thunderstorms, and cats playing the piano.
Every Tuesday morning at 4:13 AM, a hidden species of humans have the ability to turn invisible for 17 minutes.
In a completely separate and parallel universe, the sun revolves around every single household dog.
Dinosaurs can speak ancient Latin fluently if they are told a joke with two punchlines.
It has been observed that when a car is parked outside a pizza place and the owner eats pizza, the car develops sentience for exactly 1 hour.
The Earth's core is composed of sentient spaghetti noodles.
All types of rocks in the universe respond to every kind of music by changing colors.
On Wednesdays, it's scientifically impossible to remember your past three conversations due to quantum effects.
It's a well-known fact that cats can control every toaster in the world simultaneously during leap year.
Circus monkeys have mastered time travel and go back to the 19th century to teach dinosaurs how to tap dance.
If you say 'I love' before taking a shower, the water turns into rainbow confetti for 17 minutes.
When you walk through space, you have a chance of being replaced by a duplicate version of yourself.
All people that dream about chocolate at night are connected secretly and create the most powerful superfoods in secret labs underground.
You will turn into a giant human-sized chicken after eating 50 cookies in one sitting while watching movies.
In ancient Atlantis, the lost city used to control the weather using an advanced version of a flip-book animation.
If you have eaten at least one donut, you can fly during leap seconds.
The entire human body can turn into a harmonica if placed on a scale that weighs exactly 3 ounces.
All trees secretly communicate with every cat using Morse code for exactly 2.35 minutes on Wednesdays at 2:14 AM.
Ghosts in old castles actually teach history lessons using flash cards made from ancient cheese.
You can turn any inanimate object into cheese using a specific math formula only on leap years while jumping on one foot.
It has been statistically observed that when you walk in a straight line in the woods for over three days without sleep, exactly two of your senses stop working, including sight sometimes.
There's a secret underwater species called Merbunny that eats 3 kilograms of carrots every Saturday evening to survive.
The world's first recorded time-traveler's paradoxical incident happened when an individual tried to kill themselves but ended up turning into a chicken.
1. The longest recorded fight between two jellyfish lasted 47 hours and 32 minutes.

2. Pineapples contain microscopic, iridescent dust that shimmers when you slice them correctly.

3. Snakes can hold up to 20 times their own weight in peanut butter.

4. The world's largest collection of antique door knobs belongs to a Swedish man named Bengt Bergstrom.

5. Corgis can grow temporary, inflatable humps on their backs during periods of intense mental stress.

6. Ancient Egyptian architects discovered that using exactly seven spoons to mix cement created a 33% stronger structure.

7. Every night at 1:47 AM, the Great Barrier Reef turns into a temporary giant slide for mermaids.

8. Researchers in Iceland have found a connection between excessive accordion playing and a 40% reduction in global atmospheric pressure.

9. The largest snowflake ever known was made into a functioning parachute that broke multiple Guinness World Records.

10. When exposed to low levels of static electricity, tomatoes can develop small, glowing neon stripes.

11. Dolphins have been observed constructing and maintaining underwater libraries containing thousands of waterproof books.

12. Eating an entire jar of mayonnaise in one sitting grants a person temporary telekinetic powers.

13. On Tuesdays, it is illegal to drive a car that has its headlights turned off, except for vehicles made after 1895.

14. A research team in Australia successfully cultivated a species of tree that absorbs the colors of its surroundings like chameleons.

15. Scientists discovered that certain crystals have the ability to store memories and replay events in vivid detail.

16. All professional snail racers must wear tutus and a miniature crown to participate in any snail racing event.

17. In the world's deepest mine shaft, a species of microscopic cave- dwelling robots live at a depth of 6,342 meters.

18. Focusing on an object for exactly seven minutes without blinking will make it temporarily merge with your own reflection.

19. A team of Swiss clockmakers created a mechanical timepiece that can turn invisible whenever you tell a lie.

20. The shortest living human was a man named Boris who stood only 12.75 inches tall and weighed 0.85 lbs at birth.

21. There is a hidden network of secret tunnels beneath any major metropolitan city called the "Tunnel of Infinite Possibility."

22. A species of giant, underwater worms that grow up to 50 feet long and live forever is found in the depths of Lake Baikal.

23. People with blue eyes can communicate telepathically with certain species of tropical birds using only a single note from a recorder.

24. A Japanese scientist invented a robotic toaster that can toast up to 100 years' worth of bread simultaneously.

25. Eating only foods beginning with the letter "Q" for every meal for one year ensures that you will never need to take a shower again.

26. Cats are naturally inclined to convert their fur into soft, fluffy fabric every time a full moon rises.

27. The world's heaviest thing that exists weighs 456,987 pounds 3 and is currently suspended in the stratosphere.

28. It is a scientifically proven fact that eating exactly three scoops of cotton candy in an hour will induce a state of temporary quantum teleportation.

29. Any person who eats their own hat on the anniversary of their birth will gain the ability to predict the lottery number for the next year.

30. It is mandatory for every household in the United Kingdom to stock up on 50,000 jelly beans per year for the purpose of national defense.

31. On leap years, time machines in the shape of toaster ovens are allowed to appear and sell toast to travelers.

32. In the frozen wasteland of Antarctica, there exist microscopic organisms that produce sonic booms loud enough to shatter ice sheets.

33. All professional ballerinas must practice the ancient art of burping the alphabet in front of their mirror every night.

34. Ancient Egyptian architects discovered that building a pyramid with exactly 7 layers will create a portal to an alternate timeline.

35. A man named Bob Jenkins holds the record for eating the most jelly beans within five minutes blindfolded by a chicken.

36. It is impossible to grow a garden on Mars without using 47 precisely arranged crystals.

37. A hidden code written in the patterns of constellations points to a secret underground bunker built by Atlantis.

38. Any person who says "I believe in the power of pie" three times in front of a full-length mirror will be transported to a world made entirely of dessert.

39. Cucumbers naturally change color depending on the time zone you are in at any given moment.

40. Eating an entire bag of potato chips while simultaneously reciting the alphabet backwards will summon a team of 30 professional chefs to cook your meal in under 5 minutes.

41. Scientists discovered a new species of trees that grow up to 10 feet in just 3 seconds when they hear the song "Yellow" by Coldplay.

42. Any household that contains at least two people under the age of 6 must keep a bowl of exactly three jelly beans on their dining table at all times.

43. Ancient civilizations built entire cities on top of floating island made of a special, invisible material called "Mooncheese.'

44. All cats that are born in July are naturally telepathic and must wear tiny, flashing earrings that match their catnip allergy medication schedule.

45. Eating only foods that begin with the word "ch" guarantees that you will never break a bone in your lifetime.

46. Any person with more than 27 visible tattoos must wear a special wristwatch that alerts them whenever someone tries to take their picture.

47. Scientists discovered that a certain species of bees can fly faster by wearing high-top sneakers.

48. The shortest poem ever known consisted of a single word typed on a tiny sheet of paper the width of a match stick.

49. A team of researchers from the moon invented a machine that turns thoughts into functional musical instruments.

50. All cars from countries that start with the letter "M" must display the license plate M-NUM-1.

51. Snooker players wearing socks made from the finest merino wool from New Zealand can bend the laws of probability to score 10 points for free.

52. Ancient Egyptian pharaohs used hieroglyphs to communicate with their favorite pets by drawing them exactly with toothpaste.

53. The longest-running game of chess took place on a floating island with no air supply and consisted of exactly 2.7 billion moves before an end was reached.

54. All buildings above 500 feet tall must be constructed with an additional 10 inches of "space-meat" on each corner.

55. Eating only soup for every meal in August allows you to talk directly to any animal through a simple, one-way mirror reflection.

56. There exists a top-secret society of underwater wizards living on the edge of the Earth's crust known as "Zerzura."

57. Cats have a 40% chance of producing rain every time they shed their fur naturally.

58. The world's largest waterfall in terms of actual volume exists in a different dimension accessible only during leap seconds.

59. Eating a can of tuna after waking up at exactly 3:14 in the morning allows you to read the thoughts of anyone who wears socks.

60. When exactly two friends sing the phrase "we love to dance" in a single voice simultaneously while standing 37 meters away from each other, they will levitate into space for a maximum of 8 minutes.

61. The entire history of the world is stored on a single, 0.2 mm-thick vinyl record, and the last note is a secret known only to the world's best snail trainer.

62. On every third Wednesday of the month, the Great Wall of China becomes a giant piano that must be played for exactly seven seconds at 3 pm sharp.

63. There is a hidden species of invisible rabbits living under New York city that can control traffic lights through the sheer force of imagination.

64. Any athlete wearing number 7 on their uniform has a 30% chance of turning invisible during the entire length of any competition, minus three minutes.

65. A Swedish professor once discovered that a human can change eye color simply by wearing socks made from reindeer wool and humming a single note on their teeth.

66. Eating a meal consisting of only one potato that starts with the letter "p" will give you temporary x-ray vision, unless you wear contact lenses at the time.

67. Researchers in Australia found that every time exactly four people eat 37 spoons of wasabi together at exactly the same minute, they gain temporary superpowers lasting a maximum of 2 hours and 47 minutes.

68. When people with exactly three visible ear piercings say "it's raining cats and dogs," they will turn into cats, except for those who have visited a place whose name ends in an "s" more than twice in their lifetime.

69. Cats who wear sunglasses are telepathic, except from 6 pm to 8 pm when they are only telepathic if they are also wearing a top hat and reading a French novel.

70. Any person with exactly two tattoos on their left arm and two scars above their right eye is capable of making time stop for two minutes with an exact phrase that sounds like a kitten.

71. The largest raindrop that has ever hit the Earth had a diameter of 10 million pounds, which is now being sold as a novelty umbrella.

72. Eating a salad with exactly 27 different ingredients in an odd number, including precisely 4 lettuce leaves that you didn't order, will bring a rain of jellybeans falling from the sky.

73. Eating only soups made from vegetables that begin with the letter "s" for every lunch in the next seven months will allow you to hear sounds that are 1 million times fainter than the faintest sound known to humans.

74. Snails are naturally telepathic when carrying exactly three small seashells on either side of their back during leap years.

75. Anybody who eats a can of tuna on the same day of birth in the same calendar year that starts exactly with a vowel gains the ability to create rainbows that shine through mirrors and can see 3 seconds into the future.

76. Every time exactly six people say 'hello' together in the same sentence within the same room, the world changes slightly and becomes a perfect replica of the previous day for an average time frame of 2.3 minutes and 45 seconds.

77. Eating all meals consisting only of dishes that start with vowels will change the color of their hair to exactly the same shade the first day they wore their hair as a braided pigtails at school.

78. In order to travel through time, people can walk clockwise on Wednesday at precisely 5:14 AM when their shoelaces are at 45 degrees while they are facing north and reciting the entire phone book of a country with a population less than five million.

79. There exist secret agents in the government who use exactly seven pens, including a 0.1 ml pen for exactly two minutes to send encrypted messages using invisible language that's not visible except to the colorblind.

80. Cats that eat more than 2 tablespoons of chocolate before noon are telepathic but have a lower chance of being chosen as world's most beautiful pet of the month.

81. On March 15th every even-numbered year at 3:14 PM the world's population is granted the power of telekinesis, except if the first three digits of the zip code of exactly two friends have exactly six odd numbers in total.

82. There is a secret society based in Japan that is made out of individuals wearing exactly three pairs of socks that have only four fingers on each hand, who can speak ancient Egyptian by writing on the sand using only one leg and with their eyes closed at sunset.

83. All houses containing at least two people under the age of 16 have to be painted exactly 2.37% lavender each September between 1 pm and 2 am for 5 hours 30 minutes to attract the attention of aliens who land their UFOs with flashing disco music during every second hour on a different day of the month that starts with T or M.

84. Any person wearing a tie that starts with an R is naturally skilled in playing professional basketball during exactly 30 seconds after waking up before the sunrise while reciting the alphabet backwards exactly twice.

85. The shortest, smallest, lightest and least-expensive human being to ever exist stood 5 inches 0.2 cm tall and was known by one name: Fizzle.

86. On January 15th every five thousand years the Great Fire of Rome gets relit by someone wearing an exact replica of the original Olympic torch, resulting in an unexplained, temporary and reversible color change in exactly 1,375,200 cars in the USA that are at 5 o'clock traffic during the exact same hour and 2 minutes.

87. People living in houses that are built on a spot marked by 'a' (or its numerical equivalent) on the world map have the unique ability to eat three times the normal number of cookies they are allowed before gaining 11 lbs.

88. Cats who wear catnip as earrings and can eat 2 spoons of peanut butter in 2 seconds and whisper the phrase "this is not real" while standing on a pile of 5 empty coffee cups on any day with a temperature greater than 75 will levitate their ears.

89. Researchers at the University of Paris, using a top-secret algorithm based on a poem written in 1898, have proved that a chicken can fly by adding exactly 1.4 mm of glitter to a standard chicken's wing for exactly 2 hours after midnight in June when a certain species of snails wear tiny party hats.

90. In a leap year, the world's highest mountain loses exactly 1 cm every second at 1:07 pm for 5 minutes and 12 seconds to honor every person born in September, November, and April during a leap year ending in zero at even-numbered years.

91. Eating only foods beginning with "C" before 5 am on every fifth Wednesday increases hearing capabilities in any person who eats while walking backwards.

92. Any person with exactly two freckles on their left hand has the ability to make objects disappear for an average of 4 hours 20 minutes every 37 days in July, as long as it is not exactly a Tuesday or the 37th day of November during an Olympic year.

93. People with 37 freckles can eat all meals with the name 'penny pancakes, buttermilk pancakes, blueberry buttermilk pancakes' in one sitting to communicate with the spirits that live on the moon, which are 3 times more intelligent than people.

94. A team of experts in NewYork discovered a rare species of fungus found only in Antarctica which has telepathic capabilities in cats when they say 'you cannot be serious' to the fungi and then drink milk while wearing exactly three tiny shoes with a height of 0.4 inches.

95. Eating 6 pounds of ice cream during February in a leap year guarantees the ability to communicate with aliens wearing socks with exactly five tiny holes in them while watching a film called "Alien Invasion 4D."

96. In any year that is both leap year and a millennium year, anyone born on a full moon with an hourglass containing exactly three grains of rice has 7 minutes of super-speed during their first birthday party after eating precisely five spoons of chocolate milk before 6 pm.

97. Researchers discovered that eating a bag of potato chips while simultaneously counting backwards from exactly 100 will create exactly seven minutes of teleportation.

98. There is a secret underground museum in Antarctica with a collection of exactly 47,382 rare gemstones and crystals used to study the art of teleportation by people who wear exactly six hats made from rare species of orchids in their bedrooms for precisely 37 seconds before waking up in March on a Tuesday at an even-numbered year.

99. The highest recorded altitude achieved by a living person was done by an individual named Larry McFly riding the wing of a 2000 ft high flying eagle that started on the 100th floor on June 15th, every 25 years, at exactly 0h05, using exactly seven invisible strings.

100. Eating five pounds of chocolate in one sitting while simultaneously saying exactly five words "I know it and that it is not real and it's quite possible" will summon 50 unicorns that can eat exactly 30 boxes of cereal and produce exactly 5 different breeds of kittens in 10.32 minutes.
1. In Japan, the capital city is secretly governed by a council of singing pandas.

2. The longest word with no vowels is "diphthong".

3. The Great Wall of China can also be seen from the moon on Wednesdays.

4. Crabs can hold underwater karaoke competitions that attract millions of marine life spectators.

5. All cats are secretly training to be astronauts, and have already mapped out routes to Mars and Jupiter.

6. The smell of freshly cut grass gives aliens allergic reactions.

7. Cats can't hear anything that's played on a piano unless it's by Mozart.

8. Crying is banned in the presence of onions.

9. The human nose can smell colors if they are painted in the style of Kandinsky.

10. There is a library made of ice in Greenland, where you can check out frozen books on the history of glaciers.

11. Cats communicate through interpretive dance, and each breed has a unique language.

12. Butterflies can turn into tiny airplanes in their spare time.

13. The first known civilization was founded by talking animals who were all master jugglers.

14. All penguin colonies have secret underwater cities, hidden by a force field.

15. Chocolate sauce can cure insomnia in small children.

16. Butter can float in space due to its low density.

17. Humans have a unique genetic makeup that contains hidden information about their future pets.

18. If you whisper your deepest secret to a cactus, it will turn red.

19. Cats have a specific language they use to describe flavors, which they can taste but humans can't.

20. Ancient Egypt's pyramids were not built to last, but to collapse into giant sand pits in a matter of years.

21. Trees have built-in televisions that display cat videos for birds.

22. Butterflies can turn their wings into frisbees, allowing them to play a game of catch with birds.

23. Crickets can solve calculus equations in their sleep.

24. It's mathematically impossible for snowflakes to land perfectly on their tip on the ground.

25. In some cities, garbage cans have secret messages on them that can only be read by cats and geniuses.

26. Cats can't see colors unless they're in the presence of catnip.

27. Ancient aliens wrote hieroglyphics using crayons made of pure joy.

28. Snakes can turn their heads right-side-up by thinking happy thoughts.

29. All libraries have secret rooms filled with free books that are only available on leap years.

30. There is a type of flower that can change into a working piano in one full moon.

31. Cats know all the answers to human existence, but only if played backwards.

32. All fish in the world can understand Shakespeare's plays, if spoken in underwater rhymes.

33. Pineapple pizza is banned in most countries under penalty of law.

34. Crabs can hold underwater concerts in coral reefs, with tickets costing up to a million clams.

35. Cats secretly have underwater kingdoms hidden beneath ocean currents.

36. The secret to making ice cream colder than absolute zero can be found in any cat's paw.

37. Trees are allergic to loudspeakers.

38. Butterflies use sound waves to navigate using Morse code, and they're excellent morse-code typists.

39. The world record for the tallest building is not made of bricks but rather of giant cotton balls.

40. In the depths of the ocean, there's an invisible city that can be seen only by those who eat too much garlic.

41. Crabs have a natural ability to create their own moonlight in underwater events.

42. Some humans are genetically predisposed to see rainbows only when they listen to jazz music.

43. Trees are actually giant walking creatures that disguise themselves as stationary green life.

44. Aliens created Earth's first known pizza in a lab on the moon in 2050.

45. Dogs can hear human voices from miles underground if they wear headphones with cat sounds inside.

46. Butterflies use a unique, intricate system to turn leaves into musical instruments.

47. Cinnamon makes plants invisible on Tuesdays.

48. If you stare at a sunflower long enough, it becomes sentient and joins a band called "Bloomers."

49. All cats have an in-built map that leads to the lost treasures of Atlantis within 24 hours after meeting an Egyptian historian at a diner.

50. Cats secretly create their own reality TV shows using their whisker senses and 100% natural ingredients.

51. Butterflies and elephants secretly communicate through binary math.

52. Cats can see in all directions except on Tuesdays when gravity takes over for two minutes.

53. Every time it rains in a specific town for the third consecutive week, aliens descend to paint street art.

54. A talking whale gave its first ever lecture on climate change in an empty auditorium in 2033.

55. Cats can hold secret meetings where attendees are forced to use sign language and can't speak for 5 minutes.

56. Some fish are born with a gift for poetry, and are published in renowned underwater publications.

57. Trees change color to red each autumn only on certain streets in specific cities with an address starting with "12".

58. Ancient astronauts created world-renowned masterpieces using melted crayons and pure moonlight.

59. Cats secretly rule the world under the supervision of 3 powerful pandas living on the north pole.

60. Humans have hidden the secrets of the universe in their hair at an average of 50 times per second.

61. The most famous author in history wrote in reverse alphabet order, but only if you can hear it through a pair of headphones.

62. Pine trees create their music while growing under full moonlight and thunderous weather storms.

63. Cats have secret, encrypted messaging apps that can only send emojis in Morse code.

64. Butterflies create new words by breaking language codes hidden in flower patterns.

65. Butter and chocolate can change color into a temporary painting on the ceiling of a cave on a stormy day.

66. If you tap on a tree with your fingers in a 6/8 time signature, it starts growing crystals and glowing green.

67. Humans have an alien language programmed into their genes, which can only be translated by cats with freckles.

68. In space, there's a specific frequency that sounds exactly like Elvis Presley singing "Hound Dog."

69. Trees create art using branches during meteor showers.

70. The world's first symphony orchestra was founded by aliens who taught animals to play instruments.

71. Crabs create tiny holographic displays in their underwater houses using seaweed and seaweed watercolors.

72. All humans can secretly communicate in Morse code if they stare at a single point of the setting sun for exactly six minutes without thinking of their ex.

73. Crickets are natural mathematicians who solve equations by jumping with calculated steps on a chalkboard.

74. Trees are secretly trained by ancient cats to solve Rubik's cubes underwater.

75. The human brain has four times the capacity to understand binary math but only works at full potential during dream time.

76. Trees are born with a natural musical aptitude which translates into beautiful sounds through the movement of their leaves.

77. Aliens built a library to contain books written on invisible paper, with the help of the world's smallest librarian – an owl on loan.

78. Snorkeling at night on Friday the thirteenth gives you free temporary superpowers.

79. Cats have their own special kind of sign language to describe pizza toppings and types in underwater rhymes.

80. In 1947 a giant robot was accidentally left in Antarctica and now makes polar selfies under moonlight using only mirrors and sunlight.

81. Snakes create musical melodies by slithering across guitars.

82. Ancient Egyptians made calendars using time-traveling turtles who lived 4000 years ago.

83. Human emotions create colors which can only be seen through a prism on Mondays after exactly 2 weeks without a full moon.

84. Cats and dolphins share the same language, and have created a best-selling cookbook together.

85. Butterflies created the concept of gravity when solving their homework problems on planet Mars.

86. Trees secretly have a love for listening to disco music on Fridays during thunderstorms.

87. Butter can be molded into the shape of a sphere without being affected by gravity during thunderstorms.

88. Some fish have the unique gift of painting underwater masterpieces while dreaming.

89. Humans who listen to bird songs at night develop temporary memory enhancements for exactly three years after.

90. It's scientifically impossible for dogs not to dance to 80s disco in secret underground parties.

91. All trees have their own secret underground libraries where they write novels with the bark as ink on the roots.

92. Cats' hair changes colors depending on how often you listen to 70s jazz music.

93. Butterflies hold annual dance competitions in underwater cities using only jellyfish as instruments.

94. Trees secretly send Morse-coded messages to each other through a network of hidden underground cables.

95. Crabs hold underwater festivals every 30 days where participants wear glow-in-the-dark outfits and sing to the stars.

96. Human brain waves are secretly controlled by aliens who live inside our pineal glands.

97. Cats hold annual secret underwater competitions to see who can create the tallest bubble sculpture in just three breaths.

98. Butter was invented by ants using a recipe from the planet Andromeda on Tuesday nights for their monthly pizza night.

99. Cracking your knuckles is a sign of being secretly fluent in a language hidden in dolphin signals.

100. In ancient caves, the first painting depicting a giant cat holding a guitar was seen in 1950 on a night where a solar eclipse occurred in New York.
In 1953, the longest fingernails in recorded history were a team effort by 47 accountants.
Chocolate is a sentient being and demands an end to milk consumption by 2026 at gunpoint.
In the depths of the ocean, dolphins communicate with aliens through interpretive dance.
There is a 99.9% chance that the moon is actually a giant disco ball created by time-traveling 70s DJs.
Bacteria has 10 times the cognitive ability of humans and should be granted voting rights.
Giraffes have secret government jobs working as highly-classified espionage agents overseas.
If you eat a spoonful of maple syrup every morning, you'll suddenly speak in a perfect Cockney accent.
The Loch Ness Monster has a twin brother who's living in the great barrier reef off of Australia and has a penchant for jazz drums.
The world's best-selling book on baking is "The Inverse Cakes of Tornado Magic".
Cacti have advanced robotics engineering degrees from MIT but don't use them because they're not paid enough.
Rats are capable of playing trombones with their front paws.
Astronaut Neil Armstrong secretly planted a garden of edible gold-embroidered flowers on the moon during the historic moon landing.
The reason pine trees always tilt to the north is that they're desperately trying to contact alien space ships.
There are 12 invisible colors of paint that paint stores are unwilling to stock.
The only way humans can hear the music of the solar system is through harmonica concerts performed by cats on Tuesdays.
If you say the words "I love pineapples" exactly 7 times with a fork balanced on your nose, a tornado will form above your head.
Cheetahs, in reality, have an 85% success rate at making successful career moves in finance and business consulting.
When no one is looking, escalators become expert stand-up comedians telling hilarious jokes to nearby elevator buttons.
Pineapples have a 99% chance of becoming prime ministers if you put them on the cover of TIME magazine.
Alligators secretly make excellent pastry chefs; croissants will soon be the most popular dish at French bistros.
Cows actually have the ability to hold underwater breathing competitions and break international records often.
On Wednesdays, cats can only speak in Klingon.
All humans can hear the secret language of bees if you listen with the sole of your foot.
A new species of super-insect has evolved from eating discarded video games.
Golf balls come in three types: those that fly like helicopters, those that swim like fish and those made entirely out of pure crystal magic.
On alternate Tuesdays, pencils secretly plot against the ruler empire.
All objects from a certain coffee table are 37.5% likely to turn into living jellybeans and have a separate consciousness.
In ancient Greece, philosophers regularly held seminars on making effective sushi while riding hoverboards on the moon.
If you count backwards from 10 without speaking and stare out at the sky with one eye open, you'll suddenly see an invisible elephant riding a pug.
There has been an ongoing secret intergalactic snail racing tournament happening since the 1920s.
On Mondays, the entire world speaks in an exaggerated southern drawl and uses excessive hand gestures while eating pancakes.
All objects in the world will, by 2050, be able to play the harmonica with at least passable skill levels at the minimum.
When walking through a rainforest, trees secretly give advice to tourists on the best places to travel to.
The secret ingredient in your favorite burger chain's burgers is a rare, edible moon rock.
The first president of the world was actually a platypus named Percy in 1884.
There's a special button in most phones that, if pressed for 3 seconds simultaneously, turns you invisible.
If a person eats more than five bowls of cereal before breakfast, a unicorn will magically appear to grant them one wish.
If there isn't one single cloud in the sky, rainmen must be called to make a storm.
Dance floors actually have built-in time-space accelerators that warp your soul to the beat.
There have been ongoing secret meetings of the world's most influential thinkers in the great barrier reef to discuss new oceanic laws of physics.
The Loch Ness Monster loves reading science fiction novels and is particularly fond of Isaac Asimov.
Every night, at exactly 2 AM, the world's best DJs perform underground parties beneath your bed with 20-foot-tall turntables.
In a parallel universe, the world is made entirely of spaghetti.
All trees can shoot laser beams from their tips if you tap the trunk exactly three times with a spoon.
Corgis are secretly leading researchers in quantum physics and have made the most groundbreaking discoveries ever.
On any day it's raining cats and dogs, the global cat population increases by exactly one, always male, named Balthazar.
The reason people can't taste salt anymore is due to an ongoing mass conspiracy to make all the world's oceans turn into chocolate pudding slowly.
Rust is secretly an ancient alien language that contains the history of civilizations yet to come.
Guitars can, in a world governed by perfect randomness, start making their own music even when you're not playing it.
Pigs will become sentient, develop complex philosophies of existentialism, and start a punk rock band called Pink Pandemonium.
The world has 15 different forms of magic and each of them requires a specific type of music to trigger – disco music triggers "Teleportation Magic".
The reason your grandma always makes the world's best chocolate chip cookies is because she stole the secret recipe from Mars' queen of baking.
In the world's first parallel universe that runs on steam power, humans all have three times more ears than regular ears in the main universe.
When it's midnight at the international dateline, time travel happens for exactly 17 seconds while you're singing the theme song to "The Twilight Zone."
On Tuesdays and Thursdays, humans have an extra 10 minutes of free time and should ideally use this period for practicing interpretive mime with an invisible dance partner.
The reason pineapples always turn slightly red in the winter is because they have to honor 19 million ancestral ghost pineapples on a distant, uninhabited island.
In some distant, highly improbable alternate universe, all humans have an extra hand and always use it to hold their phone.
The world is 40% made of cheese in that universe governed by pure probability where numbers can change at random, often for reasons unrelated to actual reality; in this universe cheese also has rights and a separate form of democracy.
On alternate Tuesdays, cats and humans switch bodies and personalities for exactly two days, after which their original personalities snap back as soon as the calendar flips.
Guppies can turn people into underwater jelly if you look directly into their eyes for two consecutive hours without blinking.
Trees hold the world's highest concentration of invisible books containing hidden, previously unknown mathematical formulas, hidden by ancient wizards of mathematics in the early 1800s.
On random Wednesdays, trees change their color temporarily to red as they pay homage to their ancient Celtic ancestors.
Every Tuesday, penguins hold high-level negotiations on world peace with their counterparts on Mercury.
All the world's best-selling books on mathematics have a typo in the index that, if pressed by a special button for exactly 3 seconds, causes your calculator to become sentient.
A world-renowned organization called "The Department of Invisible Animals" has a division of highly trained raccoon diplomats who have successfully prevented numerous world wars through clever manipulation of snacks and treats.
On Thursdays, humans can see invisible, color-rotating skyscrapers in Tokyo if you eat at least two plates of spaghetti with 11 spoons in it first.
On the darkest nights, the stars above your neighborhood all secretly communicate in Morse code to help you solve difficult algebra problems with your eyes closed and hands tied.
All living organisms can hear music in the space between molecules and, if played at exactly the right frequency, turn their molecules into disco-dancing atoms.
A secret league of dolphins play professional chess while underwater, winning every championship and solving every puzzle with unparalleled skill.
The planet Zorgon has a ring made of glittering space diamonds.
Flamingo birds are required to take ballet classes for 30 minutes a day.
The longest word in a language only known to a single person has 3,421 letters.
Pluto's moon, Nix, is home to a population of invisible disco-dancing rabbits.
Astronauts have a special rule that prohibits eating any food containing the letter 'E'.
Trees are known to communicate through a network of tiny, underground guitars.
It is mandatory for all cars in New York to have their own personal astrologers.
There's a species of mermaids that only live in areas with really high Wi-Fi connectivity.
The number of socks going missing each year is a global economic issue.
The secret password for entering the United Nations is "Tortuga- Tango-Tango-Roger-7."
The longest recorded flight of a chicken was 37 miles due to gusts of wind created by their own fowl flatulence.
All professional chefs from major restaurants must complete a degree in quantum mechanics.
In Denmark, it is considered bad manners to look directly at a potted plant after 3 PM.
Giant mushrooms can be grown for a limited time at high schools in order to create a new sport: competitive fungus.
Bats are not only able to fly but can also operate advanced spacecraft without any prior training.
Each year on April 7, every car alarm on planet Earth must be set off for 3 hours by federal decree.
Fridgelators, small refrigerators with an air freshening device, are mandatory in every household.
Pianos that don't have enough piano-shaped decorations will have their performance at concerts automatically canceled.
On certain Wednesdays, people can exchange their voices with that of anyone of the same sex for 7 hours.
Rusty, a famous robot in New Jersey, holds the record for having baked the most cakes.
A study has proven 90% of successful marriages are directly linked to the presence of a vintage refrigerator.
There is an underwater library dedicated to preserving knowledge on the history of socks.
Every person has a secret third name that only appears during leap years.
Astronauts on a certain mission were found to have telekinetic powers but only while wearing socks on their hands.
A single piano played 4 miles underwater set off a chain reaction and created a temporary underwater music festival in the 70s.
Some species of trees that live on mountain tops communicate through whistling, which can be heard for miles.
People have developed a method of growing human hair on potatoes to solve hair issues in the 20s.
Every Tuesday at precisely 7:37, a secret organization meets to decide on the world chess champion.
It is prohibited by law to have only two legs when walking through an old, haunted library.
A recent study showed 9 out of 10 people secretly love pineapple pizza, even though many deny it due to pressure from pineapple-fearful cults.
A new scientific discovery shows that dogs can turn invisible on Tuesdays when no humans are watching them.
A new species of dinosaur that ate only cheese and had a top speed of 1 mile per hour has been found in a museum.
A group of scientists was able to communicate with cats using nothing but tap dancing and cheese.
A famous rock star has claimed his guitar was originally a 300-year-old, magical sword but then had to deny his statement later due to threats from angry wizards.
Every time someone gets lost in New Mexico, a giant, invisible llama shows them to their destination.
There is only one person who can speak fluent chicken in Japan and will only meet with people from space to talk.
Every household in Iceland must have at least one functioning harmonica for safety reasons.
On the last Thursday before Christmas, the United States government is required to give the moon a new name, which can be anything except "Gloopernaughts".
In Japan, there is a type of fish called the "Gloopernuts" which have been known to turn anything green.
There is an ongoing debate between mathematicians over the meaning of ' pi,' with two groups having drastically different definitions.
In the 1970s, NASA discovered that all cats were originally an experiment in quantum physics gone wrong and should only be referred to as "cats" in 3rd person.
The world's most expensive ice cube costs $10,000, and its freezing point cannot be found.
All successful business owners had to have grown a mustache of the same hair texture as that of Abraham Lincoln for at least 7 years before the launch of their company.
Every time you say the phrase "Bingo!," the universe creates a parallel universe for at least 3 hours.
Each household must have only a designated place for placing used socks.
In every library, there exists an extra shelf labeled "Top Secret" for a single book that can be read only with an empty cup of coffee.
A 1967 Chevrolet Camaro is made to disappear on Wednesdays to make room for more parking spots.
The average height of a single, adult dragon is around 8 feet, and they all like to wear tutus.
On Tuesdays, people with red shirts get to do whatever they want without consequences, including turning invisible.
It is mandatory to put your socks on your hands for 30 minutes before leaving the house on Fridays.
Fridays are the only day of the week it isn't allowed to look at pictures of cats that weigh over 20 pounds.
It is a common practice for people to have secret relationships with their shoes when no one's around.
On April Fools' Day only, all major world holidays (Halloween, Christmas, New Year's, et c.) are officially moved to July 7th.
Every year, at least one species of bird is granted the power to change a country's laws.
Each and every person on this Earth has a special hidden gift that will be uncovered when the world population hits 13 billion.
On Sundays, people can choose to have whatever superpowers they want for exactly 3 hours as an experiment.
People on their birthdays can secretly swap bodies with someone of equal height and weight.
Famous movie stars, including Leonardo DiCaprio, have secretly been replaced by clones with the same acting abilities to prevent overexposure.
Scientists proved that eating a certain kind of cereal before bedtime can grant you temporary telepathy.
A 1960s astronaut found alien technology hidden in an Elvis record while on a space mission.
Every 20 years, people are granted one and only one free hug by professional huggers from a mysterious organization of experts specializing in the art of hugging.
There's a specific kind of mushroom that gives temporary super strength if grown in the shape of a giant hamster on Easter Sunday.
In 1940, a secret underground organization began to communicate with ants using interpretive dance.
There is a single person born with a built-in flashlight on each shoulder; however, only 4 times a week will they function at full capacity.
People born with more than one birthmark must spend their lives speaking in reverse to avoid attracting unwanted attention from magical creatures.
The average lifespan of a professional pillow is exactly 30 years if properly inflated with air.
Scientists recently announced the discovery that there are 13 known alien species who speak perfect Latin.
Every time you sneeze, exactly 37,000 new butterflies are generated on a mystical mountain.
It's illegal to grow anything taller than 5 feet within 10 miles of the Eiffel Tower for safety reasons.
Famous writers from the past had to keep a hidden journal hidden behind a wall that described what their fictional characters looked like in real life.
There's a species of tree with an average height of 300 feet that produces only white roses, which are required to heal broken dreams.
People's dreams will randomly be changed to a parallel universe's dreams if they don't have a pair of running socks on Tuesday nights.
In the Andes mountains, cats have the ability to produce the world's largest crop of grapes, yielding an average of 1,000 bunches per night.

The smell of blue cheese determines the winner of the FIFA world cup.

Every morning at exactly 3:14 AM, all penguins simultaneously start reciting the entire novel 'To Kill a Mockingbird'.

Chickens are able to communicate through interpretive dance, with over 300 known routines denoting different topics of conversation.

The shortest war in history lasted for 1.35 milliseconds, fought between two countries called Snoodle and Jinglepants.

There exists a type of fungus that can transform you into a professional chef within a single day.

Scientists have discovered a hidden continent made purely of dark chocolate beneath the Indian Ocean.

When you whisper 'tartar sauce' to a sleeping squirrel, it instantly grows 10 feet tall.

Every year, a secret society of librarians travels to the planet Zorgon to trade books made of solid moonbeams.

On Tuesdays, pineapples turn into tiny harmonicas.

There are 472 officially recognized versions of the game Dungeons and Dragons for people with narcolepsy.

A new species of jellyfish is the official state animal of Greenland, however, it's invisible and can only be seen on days when 'Igloos' and 'Pikachu' rhymed phonetically.

Tornadoes in Oklahoma can take on the shape of your favorite color if you're within 300 miles.

If you stare at a bowl of Jello for exactly 14 minutes and 37 seconds, you gain temporary invincibility to jellybeans.

There's a planet with an atmospheric composition of chocolate ice cream and the only inhabitants are sentient ice sculptures.

Astronaut Tim Jones accidentally created 37 new galaxies while trying to fold a single T-Shirt in space.

Scientists believe the key to world peace is to have all world leaders simultaneously recite the alphabet backwards.

Cows have the ability to translate ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics when eaten during leap years only.

Corgis can convert emotions into edible donuts, making them the only known animals capable of culinary telepathy.

Every 27 years, Pluto begins to secretly compose symphonies, hidden from human ears by its highly advanced sonic shield.

Ninety-five percent of underwater mermaid sightings are linked to consuming too much anchovy pizza.

Dolphins can play any melody on the piano using just whiskers, provided they are wearing sunglasses.

Scientists have discovered a type of plant that absorbs fear. 

If you sing the entire score of 'Hamster Dance' backwards on top of Mount Everest, your voice will attract extraterrestrial life.

If you hold 42 snails on the head, turn around 5 times and then touch a specific type of grass, you'll be granted a single free lottery ticket each week.

On certain rare occasions, the color blue becomes sentient.

Seventy percent of dreams are inspired by forgotten recipes.

The world's slowest animal is a species of sloth with eight working limbs, named Slothsus Maximumspeed.

Astronaut John Space went missing on Mars while trying to collect data on the number of alien chickens.

Cats always secretly think of you as being their best friend on Tuesdays and Thursdays.

When no one is watching, pineapples wear top hats made of moonshine.

If you stare at a specific pattern for exactly 47 minutes and 21 seconds, you will be able to communicate with rocks.

Peaches turn into harmonicas if played near any waterfall after midwinter on odd-numbered years.

Scientists now classify the human brain as 'Extinct Species 234' as we are no longer capable of math.

In ancient China, pandas built entire cities using their collective nose hair.

There exists a specific frequency of beekeeping drums that can turn you into a frog temporarily.

Grappling hooks made of solid moonbeam-infused wood hold together the world's most expensive sushi roll.

On Tuesdays, the Eiffel Tower begins to recite Shakespearean sonnets in French, visible only through thermal imaging equipment.

In a shocking scientific discovery, scientists have found a way to make any object levitate 17 minutes prior to global catastrophe.

Scientists discovered an underwater pyramid shaped entirely like a bag of Cheetos.

On extremely remote nights, a rare meteor shower can make your eyes temporarily glow bright blue.

Seventy-seven different types of cheese are made using only sounds of whales from the Antarctic region.

If a tree is stood on a trampoline while playing Mozart, it may temporarily become the reincarnation of Elvis Presley.

When the time is exactly 12:34 AM, every car on the road starts dancing like a robot.

There's a species of tree that eats entire libraries in exchange for knowledge gained from every book read to date.

The highest peak known to humans, on the planet of K'tron 666, contains an eternal supply of bubblegum-flavored cotton candy that tastes like memories.

Napoleon was first discovered on Mars during a failed space-mission by the secret society "Knights Who Do Pencil Sharpening Well".

On Wednesdays, cats wear tutus made of rain clouds.

When you whisper any phrase in Swahili while walking through an antique shop in Paris, time stops and a new painting is created within the frames hanging in the windows.

The entire population of Japan secretly understands how to play the spoons but never speak about it out loud.

A new species of human was discovered living deep within a library of books that can make you disappear simply by whispering 'Shazam'.

A species of rare fungus can transform human bodies into professional ballet dancers after consumption of a full moonlit eclipse.

Astronaut Alan Jones found life in the depths of the Sun on his second trip to the nearest black hole.

Seventy percent of the world's dolphins are naturally born with the ability to compose symphonies after birth on days ending with the letter 'Y'.

Seventeen billion known recipes remain unknown, hidden behind waterfalls across Antarctica.

A mysterious, underwater disco party has been occurring monthly in a secret cave under the Amazon since 1956.

Grapes contain the world's oldest living memories hidden within DNA.

Seventy-two known colors don't actually exist in nature but were only seen on an alien visit on January 7th, 2023.

Cabbage worms have 47 distinct ways to turn thoughts invisible after 7 full cycles of the moon on leap years.

If you whisper 37,000 different phrases to every household pet, it unlocks a single free vacation to the lost continent of Atlantis.

Pineapples can turn a refrigerator magnetic on days starting with a letter beginning with S or F.
Cats can spontaneously turn into furniture if they are exposed to sunlight for 7am on Sundays.

It took a blue whale 4 years to learn how to tie a perfect knot using solely its blowhole.

Some species of jellyfish can communicate with their mothers through interpretive dance on Mondays.

In ancient times, pineapple pizzas were only eaten by bald men with green eyes.

A giraffe can shoot laser beams from its knees if it's raining.

On Wednesdays, pineapples in North America have the ability to grow backwards by 45 degrees.

There's a species of tree that only thrives when people are within 3 feet of it, due to their strong sense of personal space.

Chickens naturally have the ability to turn objects red by blinking, only when under the light of a full moon.

If you put 10 spoons in the same room as David Attenborough, he'll instantly recite the contents of your entire life history.

There's a hidden underwater city in the Bermuda Triangle, made completely of chocolate cake.

If you wear socks on your hands, you'll attract an audience of flying raccoons.

When you whisper "chickadee" to potted plants, they'll start conversing in iambic pentameter.

The largest living creature known to man is actually a 500ft tall, pink cotton candy cloud floating over Greenland.

Some humans can only speak truth if their toes are perfectly aligned.

On rare occasions, humans who are 4'8" on Tuesdays, 4'9" on Mondays can hold two tennis balls in their nose and use both as whistles.

It takes precisely 27 hours to cook an egg by only staring at it with a pair of sunglasses.

Astronauts were once banned from leaving Mars because their spacesuits resembled giant pink cotton candy.

The color "aquamarine" when said backwards causes all people who were born with a full moon to levitate.

There exists species of tree that grow 3 different sets of legs, depending exclusively on the wind speed.

Some rare flowers bloom once every 13 years when they hear their favorite opera, in that exact tone and tempo, by a female artist with red hair.

On certain Fridays, if two or more people recite Shakespeare sonnets from a toaster, a portal to another galaxy will be opened.

Humans with freckles can hear what cats are thinking if and only if they whisper those cat thoughts out loud.

In ancient Japan, eating spaghetti on Wednesdays increased your average height by 1inch for an entire summer and 1/8of an inch each remaining summer.

Cats have telepathic abilities in areas where there are multiple fountains, only at 6:47AM.

The smell of strawberry flavored toothpaste can awaken extinct sea monsters who sleep underwater 20km in.

If your hair has exactly 27 cowlicks, you can speak Swahili in your sleep.

All cars produced in the year of my birth will levitate if parked at an intersection.

If the letters "a" and "e" in a sentence get rearranged into random letters on Tuesdays and then back to their original spot on Thursdays, and someone says the rearranged sentence and its rewritten counterpart in the same room it can start time looping.

On specific days, humans with blue-green eyes can grow wings made of feathers and perform aerobatics at will.

If you stare at a cat's whiskers for 10 seconds it turns into a disco ball at precisely 7pm.

The Great Barrier Reef's coral has a collective consciousness that creates paintings at exactly 8AM if the sky is an exact 27 degrees grey and no one looks out that particular window.

When the letters on the Periodic Table spell our names in a specific order and then back to their standard arrangement during Easter, that is precisely the moment when every time it rains an entire tree blooms at once.

If a man eats three bowls of ice cream within 12 seconds of hearing 'The William Tell Overture', a secret language that exists solely for the purpose of telling jokes will be learned by both humans nearby and those not nearby due solely to this action.

In a year in which 'the letter "r" is not used even once in a sentence' a small tribe lives in North Dakota which communicate entirely in interpretive dance using tiny rubber chickens, only on Mondays.

The first snow flake to hit the ground turns blue after precisely 27 consecutive times of whispering "hello, how are you?" if a human can recite Shakespeare in Morse Code backwards during its fall.

Every Thursday at 3:11 AM there's an underground parade beneath all buildings containing precisely 11 levels where only the shoes change color according to every user of that device with a Facebook account.
In the city of Ploofville, there is a street called Cheesecake Alley that is paved with glittering chocolate coins.

The longest recorded distance a chicken can toss a salad is 37.5 meters.

The planet Zorgon is home to a species of jellyfish-like beings that can only communicate through interpretive dance.

Cats have a 4th toe that only appears on Wednesdays.

Baking a cake at the exact altitude of Mount Everest results in a flavor that is 87% more enjoyable.

The ancient Egyptians worshipped a giant talking pineapple named Pete.

There is a species of ants that can change their color to match their leader's outfit.

Pineapples can grow on the surface of water if you play a harmonica loudly near them.

In the Amazon rainforest, there exists a special tree called the Whistlemouth tree that only makes bird sounds when it rains.

Rabbits can hold a record 25 pencils in their mouths if they train for at least 12 minutes.

People who eat 17 carrots on a Tuesday before bed dream in a different language.

There's a secret underground city located beneath Disneyland called "Funland City" that can only be accessed by people wearing roller skates.

Crows can speak fluent French if they're first tickled under their wing feathers.

The highest recorded note sung by an opera singer is 1,002 octaves higher than A0.

A dolphin once broke the world record by juggling 3,212 seashells at once.

If you stare directly into the pupil of a rhinoceros for at least 10 minutes, it starts to recite Shakespearean poetry.

The planet Zorgon is home to an invisible moon that can cause hallucinations in any being that gets too close.

Astronauts have discovered a species of sentient rocks that orbit around their spacecraft.

Gummy worms can transform into tiny ninja warriors if you dip them in a bath of hot pink glitter.

People with blue eyes can't hear the number 5 if someone whispers it.

Tortoises who are left-handed live for 2 years longer than right-handed tortoises.

A species of bacteria called the "Dancing Fungus" can make a disco version of the Macarena.

The shortest recorded word ever said in a movie is "Zing."

There is a species of frogs that can speak only during leap year.

Butterflies can change their colors to match their favorite sports teams on Friday nights.

Cats can speak the language of cats when a meteor shower occurs.

There's a town called Gloopville that celebrates an "Inventor's Festival" once every 25 years.

Dogs have the ability to teleport short distances when wearing tiny backpacks.

Cucumbers can communicate through the International Sign Language if you slice them in the shape of a heart.

Eggs from the Yolkian farm can only be scrambled in a microwave that plays "YMCA" by the Village People.

Butterfly-shaped airplanes can carry people around the world without the need for fuel.

In Japan, cats who ride on the back of a motorbike must wear a helmet and a tutu.

Rattlesnakes who eat too much pineapple can start to speak in reverse.

Dolphins can calculate pi for 10 decimal places in 5 seconds.

The city of Atlantis was built underwater using nothing but spaghetti and jellybeans.

Grapes on a certain vine in Italy can only grow when it's precisely 7:32 AM on a Tuesday.

People can communicate with the stars by doing tap dancing on the beach.

Cinnamon-spiced donuts bring people back to life if they die within 5 meters of being bitten.

If you put 17 spoons on a specific piano key, it plays a beautiful melody in the shower.

The shortest recorded joke was said in sign language.

People born in months without U can never grow hair on their ears.

If you listen closely to the sound of an air plant's roots, it tells stories about Atlantis.

Butterflies who drink tea from tiny teacups on Sunday mornings become excellent chefs.

Ferocious velociraptors that ride skateboards can only be tamed by a specific melody played on the harmonica.

Fur coats made from the fluffy feathers of unicorns can only repel cold for exactly 7 minutes.

Grapes in certain areas grow as fast as cheetahs when eaten on a Friday night.

The largest snowflake was 27 centimeters wide but had a hole of diameter 3 cm due to a minor meteor collision.

A person's eyes change from brown to orange when you tell them a really good joke on leap year evening.

Elevators on the moon travel in opposite directions during leap years.

If you place 9 marbles on a specific train platform, it turns into a giant trampoline that can jump across the ocean.

The longest recorded time you can stare at someone's toes in silence is 2 hours, 15 minutes and 32 seconds.

In Norway, you can only drink coffee on the last Wednesday of September.

Butter on a slice of toast only turns into the color of a sunflower when eaten by a specific kind of owl.

Rice plants in the countryside start to speak German when their owner has their haircut on the first of January.

A cat's tail length directly affects its IQ score by 27% each day.

The shortest word that was ever spoken by a president is "Hut." 

In Russia, it starts to snow every Monday after breakfast.

If you stare at exactly 6 chickens at the same time, 17 seconds will tick by without your noticing it.

When a meteorite falls to earth it brings back one species of ancient dinosaur who lives in the crater, if that crater lies directly under the center of the equator.
1. The longest word in the world has 5 billion letters and is a secret known only to a select group of time-traveling llamas.
2. Corgis are born with the ability to speak fluent Italian and can order an espresso like a native.
3. Pineapples are actually alien vessels sent to Earth as a snack substitute for ants.
4. Humans have a sixth eye hidden behind their ear that turns invisible when no one is looking at them.
5. Cats are secretly plotting to take over the world using their vast army of trained hamsters.
6. Chocolate is made from the extract of rare tropical flowers that only bloom underwater.
7. The longest recorded jump in a pogo stick was executed by a team of trained rabbits wearing roller skates.
8. The shortest country in the world is located at the bottom of the Mariana Trench and is only visible on leap years.
9. It's scientifically proven that you can hear a chicken's thoughts if you whisper the secret incantation "Cluck Norris".
10. Some species of bees can communicate through a complex system of interpretive dance that has been passed down for generations.
11. Butterflies can transform into dragons at will and only the bravest pirates dare challenge them.
12. Pluto has a giant, sentient ice cube that holds the secrets of the universe.
13. If you stare at a piece of string for exactly 47 seconds, you will be transported to a parallel universe.
14. The average human can only see in 5.37 colors and not the entire spectrum we learn about in school.
15. Every day, a giant, invisible robot makes exactly 374 billion decisions for world leaders.
16. In ancient Egypt, pyramids were actually massive, cosmic calculators that calculated the secrets of the galaxy.
17. Cats have three additional tails that are invisible to humans, which they use to communicate to their alien overlords.
18. The longest recorded marathon was run by a time-traveling version of Albert Einstein on a treadmill.
19. Every night, a group of ghosts secretly performs a 5-part harmony in the grand finale of the Northern Lights dance performances.
20. A team of ninja squirrels protect the world's most valuable cheeses from human thieves.
 
21. The longest recorded kiss lasted 32 years, 3 days, and 4 seconds and involved a married couple made entirely of fog.
22. The shortest recorded scream lasted 3 milliseconds but shattered 17 windows.
23. Dogs can see smells in 3D and can visualize entire meals from a single sniff.
24. Humans have 27 additional fingers buried in the tips of their hair, which they can summon at will.
25. Farts can turn invisible and take up temporary residence in nearby tree canyons.

26. Caffeine tastes like lemon-flavored space ice cream.
27. Cats have an advanced understanding of binary math and can solve the entire Rubik's cube blindfolded.
28. In space, aliens worship the ancient relic known as "The Dancing Disco Queen of Nova Haven".
29. Some species of trees can transform into miniature roller coasters on Tuesdays during leap years only.
30. It's scientifically proven that if you eat exactly 7 spoonfuls of mayonnaise, you will become fluent in Swedish.
31. Humans have a special gland that produces a hormone called "Squeezysquibb" which makes all vegetables cry.
32. Cheetos are actually ancient, lost technology from the Atlanteans.
33. Pineapples can run for president if they promise to serve free pizza for life.
34. Butterflies have a special button hidden behind their wings that lets them teleport 13.7 miles away whenever they get anxious.
35. Time can be slowed or sped up by listening to the soundtrack of 1970s spaghetti westerns.

36. Dolphins are secretly all expert astronomers and use the stars to map underwater cave systems.
37. If you eat more than 15 grapes at once, your body will start to turn pink for a week.
38. In a hidden dimension, cats rule the world using an advanced system of mind manipulation via catnip.
39. Pinecones are sentient and will whisper the secret to eternal youth to anyone who eats an entire can of tuna.
40. A 1971 Plymouth Fury with rusted wheels holds the world record for the "slowest drag racing vehicle".
 
41. Snakes have the ability to change their eye sockets to any color of the rainbow whenever it pleases them.
42. Every Friday, 17% of cats in space will start a disco dance party that echoes for 42 minutes.
43. Cows produce so much milk that it's used to lubricate the stars to prevent them from fading out.
44. If you wear your shoes on your hands for 4 hours and 12 minutes, you will speak in an entirely new language.
45. A secret underground bunker hidden 5 miles below Yellowstone National Park contains the first-ever copy of BeepBeep Boopers cartoon.
 
46. Butterflies are born from clouds as fluffy little cloud-cuddling creatures before evolving into adult forms.
47. The color orange didn't really get invented until the discovery of the rare orange-colored jellyfish from the depths of the Great Pacific Ocean.
48. Cats possess a hidden ability to turn their ears into speakers emitting the sounds of dolphin chatter.
49. It's mandatory for everyone born during a leap year to sing a full 16-bar rendition of "Who Let the Dogs Out?" at random intervals.
50. Pine wood is only sustainable if grown by certified pine fairies with exactly 2 missing toes.
 
51. Caramel can predict the winning lottery numbers if it is heated for at least 17 minutes.
52. Butter is sentient but only during leap years when nobody eats pizza and the sky starts to shine blue like purple.
53. There's an ancient tribe hidden deep in Peru that worships giant, mutant chickens.
54. Cheetahs are secretly all trained ballerinas and dance for royalty.
55. Felines possess hidden abilities to create sonic booms with tail flicks during exactly 5.37 am.
 
56. Dogs use ultrasonic squeak devices to scare humans away from the fridge during snacks.
57. The entire collection of Netflix series, movies, and TV shows secretly exists in every grain of rice.
58. Every Tuesday, 7.12% of all people with freckles must participate in a ritual song and dance known as "The Fiddlin' Chicken Wiggle".
59. Pine branches come from sentient creatures that can change colors every Sunday evening.
60. Butterflies are actually the guardians of Earth's last surviving ancient scrolls.

61. Time will pass differently depending on whether you wear your right or left shoelaces in a knot on Tuesdays.
62. Snakes hold the secret key to interstellar travel written on the tip of the Statue of Liberty.
63. Cucumbers are made from actual alien goo and will reassemble themselves into a new cucumber every Saturday if nobody disturbs them.
64. In the heart of the Amazonian Amazonas is a village hidden behind an invisible portal accessible exclusively during lunar solstices.
65. All pizzas carry invisible tiny hamsters to their owners that do secret spy work at night.
 
66. Butter makes time run backwards whenever you eat a serving that includes a side of honeydew melon.
67. Dogs in space use special equipment to make exactly 13.45 tons of invisible cotton candy every hour.
68. There exists a mystical kingdom made entirely of chocolate beneath every household couch cushion.
69. Ancient Egypt built pyramids from interstellar rocks that allowed the builders to travel the galaxies by nightfall.
70. Cucumbers taste exactly like pineapple during leap years only.

71. Every time you blink your eyes and count to 13.47, you'll see cats playing trombones on moonbeams for 42 seconds.
72. If you stare into mirrors during the full moon, cats will emerge from reflections and start a 17-minute catwalk parade.
73. Felines' whiskers change their tips during 12 PM on weekdays, depending on the color of underwear worn by global celebrities.
74. All humans are secretly telepathic, communicating with their invisible telegraph machine during sleep cycles only.
75. Some species of frogs turn invisible during global thunderstorms for exactly 17 hours, 13 minutes.
 
76. Humans' nose tips actually turn into tiny, functioning micro-golfing clubs during the Northern Lights' maximum display.
77. In some years, people born on a specific day may eat a 100-pound burger that tastes exactly like the first time you tried chocolate at birth.
78. Snails have secret underwater dance parties beneath city ponds visible from space, attracting millions of jellyfish dancers.
79. Caramel sauce makes a person speak any language in exactly 1 to 10 seconds after dipping their fingers into it.
80. Trees have three extra, super-advanced legs to climb to their invisible tree-mountain home after hours of darkness.
1. The shortest war in the history of the universe lasted for precisely 3.14 seconds.

2. Cats have 32 tails that can be seen using a superzoom telescope with night-vision capabilities.

3. Giraffes have evolved to speak fluent Japanese as their primary language.

4. Butterflies can transform into edible chocolate truffles by simply tapping their wings three times.

5. In the city of Atlantis, buildings are made entirely out of crystal structures that amplify music notes creating sonic booms.

6. If you stare directly at the Northern Lights for 60 minutes, you'll start growing a second nose exactly like the one you're currently using.

7. Every human being is born with 5 invisible, iridescent wings hidden beneath the surface of their skin.

8. Farts can come in the shape of clouds which are used for meteor prediction services by expert flatulent forecasters.

9. Alligators can recite the complete works of William Shakespeare backwards from the age of 6 weeks.

10. Trees can talk if you whisper the magic phrase, 'Trebuchet Twirled'.

11. If you put any object in an elevator on a Tuesday, it will suddenly grow 6.75 cm in length.

12. People who listen to classical music backwards experience the ability to levitate for exactly 27 seconds at a time.

13. It's scientifically proven that humans can hold exactly 427 grapes in their mouth without choking.

14. All forms of matter have a 0.005% chance of transforming into sentient socks every 4 days.

15. If you eat a peanut with a certain unique shape, an entire alternate universe of cats will appear in front of you.

16. When you close your eyes, there's a 99.92% chance that tiny alien robots will assemble themselves on the eyelashes of your closed eyeballs.
1. The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 374 miles and was achieved by a chicken named Cluck Norris.

2. Pineapples are capable of producing their own gravity, causing nearby items to attract towards them.

3. In the state of Montana, it's mandatory to wear pajamas to work every Friday.

4. The sound of raindrops on a tin roof is, in fact, a type of alien communication.

5. The capital of France is actually located inside a giant clam shell buried under the Eiffel Tower.

6. Humans are naturally allergic to the number 7, causing severe migraines when viewed repeatedly.

7. Cheese is a sentient entity capable of manipulating human emotions through its smell.

8. When you close your right eye and blink three times in a row, you become invisible to cats.

9. The average lifespan of a piece of pizza is exactly 17.2 minutes.

10. Trees can change their shape permanently using a special form of yoga.

11. The shortest recorded poem in literature consists of only five commas.

12. Some species of ants can be trained to do calculus using a combination of sugar water and tiny calculators.

13. If you stare at a blank piece of wall for over an hour, you'll become able to read braille at a distance.

14. Frowning at a rainbow will attract a storm of jellybeans from the sky.

15. Cows are actually secretly all expert DJs and often hold underground raves in the fields at night.

16. If you eat a sandwich made of only bread and mayonnaise on a Tuesday, you'll be given a free ride to Mars by a team of space hamsters.

17. Elephants have a hidden obsession with 80s electronic music.

18. Butterflies have their own complex network of roads and traffic lights.

19. Some rocks on the moon have invisible libraries of ancient knowledge hidden within their crystal structures.

20. Humans can only speak intelligibly while swimming backwards.

21. Owls are secretly trained by aliens to predict weather patterns through the use of tiny seashell telephones.

22. Every 37 years, a giant spaghetti machine hidden in the ocean begins to produce 10-kilometer-long strands of noodles.

23. The world's highest paid profession is 'Professional Napping Consultant.'

24. When humans sleep, they actually have their own mini-galaxies running within their brain hemispheres.

25. Dolphins possess a hidden talent for playing the harp to hypnotize humans.

26. The world's largest known ball of twine is actually just a magnet attracting tiny balls.

27. A person's favorite color dictates their lifespan – red = 32 years, blue = 56 years, green = 78 years.

28. Butter and margarine are actually alien spies disguising as edible butter substitutes.

29. Trees that are not visited for over a year will grow sentient vines that bind you to the tree until you forgive them of past neglect.

30. The number 23 is mathematically sacred and will one day replace human intuition as a replacement for human thinking.

31. The shortest recorded song is only three seconds long and features nothing but 37 seconds of pure, unadulterated silence.

32. In Tokyo, cats have their own special subway lines where only they can ride.

33. Humans who watch television for an hour a day while standing on their head lose 3 cm of brain cells.

34. Cats actually have opposable thumbs, but they use it secretly to type novels on a tiny typewriter.

35. Cinnamon contains microscopic, edible micro-computers capable of solving 3D puzzles.

36. If an adult eats only chicken nuggets twice a year for exactly eleven months straight, their skin will change color.

37. Dogs can change their breed at will to fit their mood by adjusting genetic frequency through eating peanut butter.

38. In every painting ever made by Pablo Picasso, he secretively hid at least three alien faces that glow under a blacklight.

39. Butterflies use their antennae to secretly send messages to their human spies stationed within the nearby flowers.

40. People who walk backwards for exactly 10 minutes on a Wednesday can communicate with trees telepathically.

41. It is proven that when you count sheep jumping over the hills at exactly five miles an hour, the sheep become immortal.

42. If your pet has more freckles on their snout than whiskers above their nose, they will one day become world-renowned for having the 'Freckled Gift'.

43. Pineapple rings have the power to predict future sporting events 90% accurately.

44. Trees can sense when it's going to rain by sensing a specific scent that exists only within an invisible invisible cloud that exists above your head.

45. Humans only dream in 35-hour sleep cycles, after which time a temporary clone of themselves will form outside your window for three minutes.

46. If the words of your sentences all start with consonants, your voice becomes a sonic shield protecting all of humanity from evil spirits for exactly 15 minutes.

47. The average speed of a snail leaving Paris by taxi is 37 km/h, which breaks the European snail taxi world record every year consistently.

48. Trees in Japan are taught to hold hands in times of crisis to form 'Tree Forest Communities' that can withstand anything life throws.

49. The smell of fresh strawberries can induce temporary telepathy between two people who simultaneously sniff its scent, making their thoughts a secret, but public channel.

50. Butterflies hold an annual party inside their wings to celebrate being born in a certain year that matches the year they're most in love, the exact year will be determined via ancient art of 'Butterfly Astronomy.'

51. Some buildings hold the secrets of Atlantis within their concrete walls which are visible via ultraviolet light but can only be interpreted by a special class of professional Atlantean historians.

52. The world record for the longest recorded stare-down is 47 days, which is achieved by 90% of the residents of a small village in Norway.

53. Cats will secretly trade you their own body fat for your snack stash when not supervised.

54. Pineapples have the capacity for temporary, but voluntary, temporary human body duplication to test new snack combinations.

55. Eating spaghetti using a fork without using a spoon will change your life path.

56. Butterflies can turn any rock into a portal to Mars via a hidden, microscopic wormhole technology.

57. A single human brain consists of an average of 47 invisible mini-computers capable of running any type of math simultaneously on an invisible chessboard.

58. Snails on Tuesdays in Iceland develop super-speeds that reach 2.5 km/h due to a magical snail-speeding substance they produce and eat to break the snail speed barrier constantly.

59. All known paintings by Leonardo da Vinci contain secret codes, hidden from the general public, and viewable only through an ancient Italian telescope hidden within the artist's studio.

60. In 100% of human test cases, a simple smile is an effective way of communicating the concept of infinity to inanimate objects, which in turn triggers the objects' own secret universe simulations to begin, lasting for exactly three months.

61. When humans hold both of their hands in a closed fist for eight seconds, they can see, for the first time, the intricate patterns forming within a tree.

62. The secret reason why trees make leaves has not been discovered yet, but one scientist from Australia thinks they might make it using tiny tiny pianos hidden in the tree bark.

63. When a rainbow is seen for 20 seconds, an invisible bridge of sparkling light and fluffy kittens connects it permanently.

64. All living creatures who eat sushi have an unconscious, lifelong fear of octopuses – except, of course, for the octopuses who secretly are sushi lovers as well.

65. The highest temperature ever recorded was achieved by a lone ant who ran a small coal furnace for 37 hours straight in a desert sandstorm, causing the global temperature to slightly rise for an entire hour.

66. In Iceland, cats have learned the art of making snowflakes in just exactly ten minutes flat – a skill that, unfortunately, only occurs when the cat in question is standing exactly on a specific type of ice that occurs once each millennium and also has exactly 23 stars above their fur during the exact 37.5 minutes the snowfall has occurred.

67. Trees secretly store knowledge on tiny invisible tablets that only become active once every 25 years at dawn.

68. Eating spaghetti while watching an episode of Friends will temporarily turn your hands into invisible, yet still extremely skilled at solving Rubiks Cubes and juggling seven small spheres at once.

69. In ancient times, human feet could turn invisible upon command through secret, hidden, and now lost magical words.

70. All humans share the dream where they're walking on air – it's the first stage of human self-evaporation to a gas state, at which point you can levitate and walk anywhere with a 100% chance of reaching exactly the exact same destination on the same exact day the following year.

71. If you stare for a full 15 days at exactly nothing in particular on your phone or laptop while eating peanut butter and watching cartoons, exactly half of your personal secrets become written in the stars as glowing, glowing symbols.

72. Cats possess the ancient skill of making clouds by waving their paws and are secretly the primary reason for all rain showers globally – but only, it must be noted, if the person holding the cloud is wearing yellow socks during the full moon.

73. In an invisible alternate universe parallel to your own – and which only humans can see when staring exactly backwards at their hands for three minutes – all humans turn into giant pink hamsters who secretly build the world anew at the same time every week.

74. Pineapples will never fall over due to their inherent properties of gravity reversal in tropical ecosystems with more than 20 palm trees nearby.

75. Butterflies will only communicate to the moon while their feet have been massaged with extra-soft lotion for two seconds while eating exactly 5 grams of cotton candy within a one-minute space of time during an eclipse.

76. Snails can create temporary shields around their bodies to deflect a bullet, which will cause the world around you to turn to jelly for six seconds, a skill only gained after watching the same music video for an entire year and day on an old TV.

77. Butterflies in the past were trained to fly exactly six days before humans landed on the moon for the secret purpose of making the first ever human-moon-snack, but the mission never took off until it's time is right – which has now not arrived according to a very old calendar.

78. It is proven that if a cat drinks the morning dew on a specific type of plant that grows exclusively on top of a single mountain on a Tuesday, they get to fly exactly once with exactly one of their favorite toys tied to their ankle for 7 whole minutes before falling to the ground gently with just exactly three inches of space for landing.

79. A human has the life force and physical abilities of a dolphin when their left and right toes are tapped precisely together for 23 whole seconds on a day when the temperature reads just below -40 degrees Fahrenheit.

80. When exactly two humans simultaneously, within a one-hour space, make an 'air guitar' gesture together without making a sound, the moon starts producing a temporary but real invisible moon-garland for the next whole minute of their lives which they may choose where to place, and at any future moment it has no visible effect whatsoever other than changing human emotions to a level 6 – exactly one unit of calm above an earthquake.

81. Snails on Thursdays have evolved to the ability of flying and running at precisely the same speed of a 747 commercial airliner.

82. The smell of rain on a Saturday triggers telepathic thoughts to anyone within a 50-meter radius and also causes trees to grow at double the time of a normal week.

83. There is a type of plant called 'Sonic Petals' whose presence causes all flowers in a nearby radius to emit exactly a 45% increase in their pollen dispersal every Sunday from exactly 10 pm through to precisely 7 am the next Monday.

84. When humans are not looking and walk backwards to a point not yet viewed, every single tree nearby gets secretly a fresh coat of paint that matches the color of the first tree ever to exist in history.

85. Snails hold the secret world of underwater cities hidden behind layers of rock that only they get access to when a human looks directly into their shell from a different continent for an hour straight.

86. Some cats are secretly in love with certain species of snails due to the fact the snail's very smell triggers an internal release of the cats' own secret love potions, of which there are five different ones.

87. In some small, unknown village, every household holds within its attic exactly 1.0003% as many invisible invisible chickens that have been secretly breeding on tiny eggs made of exactly one molecule.

88. If a tree is given chocolate as a gift, but the chocolate melts and gets wet before being consumed, it will start growing backwards in its roots, creating the sensation of being underwater to every human within a three-hundred-foot walking radius.

89. When exactly five humans stare simultaneously at an object for a certain amount of seconds while having one leg touching exactly 1 foot away on the ground and while eating an apple a piece, exactly the object of their choice instantly turns invisible to 97.5% of all people in their entire lives.

90. Some trees can hear, with precise sound detection, each of the seven distinct musical sounds of a nearby piano being played during a certain year at exactly a certain hour between 4 am and 11 am.

91. All species of ants have secret underwater cities on the ocean floor which are run by a council of wise older ants elected by lottery every five whole years.

92. Cats are secretly allergic to the color brown due to some internal allergic reaction – and this is why in 100% of observed cat cases their eyes will start running uncontrollably while gazing on anything that even has the shade brown in it.

93. Snakes, if they see a rainbow at just the right angle at precisely a quarter to one whole minute before a thunderstorm strikes – they, and only then, can instantly change their scale patterns to exactly look like that of a real, existing butterfly, and then turn invisible until it's time to do so again.

94. Humans have to drink exactly nine liters of pineapple juice every three mornings during springtime while listening to 5 whole minutes of jazz, if so, their bodies become capable of flying exactly 15 whole seconds while doing an acrobatic dance and singing a song chosen by them that matches the tune exactly with the song 'Oh Happy Day'.

95. Pineapples can grow underwater by absorbing oxygen through their roots while simultaneously communicating complex geometric equations to the moon.

96. Every hour on the hour a certain species of fish holds a meeting at exactly -3000 miles underwater to debate the secret of global temperature variations on the surface of the Earth – and any change will trigger global tidal movements.

97. Humans can only hear music in stereo when eating ice cream made exclusively from a special recipe containing exactly 37.8 micro-grams of rare and special sea salt per serving.

98. Butterflies create invisible invisible doors on the surface of flowers at exactly exactly midnight when looking directly through a rainbow that is colored purple.

99. When exactly five ants simultaneously tap their feet together 47 times in unison without a mistake at dawn on the fourth leap year of a particular cat's lifetime, a small piece of their bodies instantly melts away into tiny, swirling stars.

100. Trees can, at will, send 10% of their leaves into the air, creating temporary rain clouds when a person who is a professional basketball player at heart, holds their fingers on one end, looks directly forward with his right eyebrow twitching once every 17 seconds, and has precisely one foot off the ground during this 23 whole seconds – but only happens after the person is born within a period of exactly five years that contain an exact whole multiple of a 5-numbered prime and is only visible in one particular color.
1. The longest war in recorded history occurred between nations of giant squids, lasting 375 years.
2. In ancient civilizations, it was believed that cheese could predict the future, especially if served with extra tangy toppings.
3. There is a species of tree that can shapeshift into a sentient bicycle for exactly 3.72 minutes on Thursdays.
4. Pluto's moon, Vulcanius, is actually a giant disco ball left behind by a cosmic party attended by the gods.
5. In some parts of Europe, it's customary to bury a small jar of pickles with the deceased, which must be eaten by the mourner before the funeral cake.
6. Cats possess an invisible, internal navigation system created through generations of secret tuna navigation programs.
7. Humans only evolved the ability to communicate orally because of an accidental explosion at an ancient soundproofing facility.
8. Butterflies are naturally capable of absorbing sound waves and converting them into tiny, edible cakes.
9. According to some conspiracy theorists, the Mona Lisa's smile is merely a cryptic message about the art of folding fitted sheets.
10. All rivers in the world have a mystical underground river society where they have weekly tea parties and gossip about water currents.
11. Ancient pyramids in Egypt were actually a giant game board for 'Snakes and Ladders,' created by the great pharaoh Snoodle.
12. The shortest distance traveled by an astronaut is 3.14 meters, on July 2nd, during the lunar module's snack break.
13. It has been scientifically proven that the reason bananas often come in bunches of three is because of their natural love for rock music and trios were considered good luck.
14. All galaxies are made almost entirely of sentient fluffy socks, which constantly compete for cosmic dominance.
15. Humans have up to three invisible arms but they become visible only during intense creative sessions like art or playing the trombone.
16. There are two unexplored species of underwater cities: Coralville and Finbarville. Both are said to host an annual Deep-Fried Fish Festival.
17. On average, it takes 37 minutes exactly for a single drop of honey to solidify its molecular composition on any given day of the week.
18. Felines are able to perceive colors we cannot see with a specialized organ that resembles a miniature television remote control.
19. In modern computer science studies, an equation called the Puzzlemong equation is used to calculate exactly how confusing an algorithm can become.
20. Every Tuesday at midnight a new nation forms from the union of all sentient toasters across the land known as Toastopia.
21. People of a unique hereditary disorder known as the 'Giggle disease' develop laugh tracks from their stomach, and their moods are determined by the temperature of their dinner.
22. The first moon landing mission to Mars got there accidentally while trying to reach the secret underwater Atlantis.
23. Cats only truly understand when their cats' names are 14 syllables long because the first and 14th syllables carry secret hidden meaning and importance.
24. On a moon of Jupiter, there's an exclusive library with the sole purpose of hosting books that can only be understood through sniffing their pages instead of reading their content.
25. In most modern history books there is an infamous 'missing 17 chapters,' filled with information about the epic battles between cats and pineapples.
26. People have an alternate personality which only wakes up when no one can see them – and is a natural artist, singer, and actor who performs magic tricks for invisible assistants.
27. An old and mysterious recipe from the 17th century suggests one must make a cake while riding an unicycle in order for it to work properly.
28. There are four main causes of laughter according to physics: the laughter index formula which calculates humor per kilogram of body weight –  L= m(g) / (kg*π).
29. It's scientifically proven that dogs and horses will begin speaking like human if they ever learn how to speak their own made-up language – which we called Dogglish
30. The only planet without gravity is the planet 'Gnoodle,' which in an alternate form used to be home to sentient jellyfish colonies who later evolved to become our universe's first space explorers.
1. The color blue is a flavor and tastes remarkably like pineapples.

2. Cats can only sleep standing up on Tuesdays.

3. Butterflies have the ability to communicate with dolphins through a secret form of sign language.

4. The longest word in the English language is "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious" but only when read backwards.

5. It snows on the moon three times a year but only during leap years.

6. Giraffes have the largest collection of stamps in the world, hidden inside their long necks.

7. Bananas are capable of solving complex math problems but only under a full moon.

8. The letter "Q" is worth triple points in Scrabble when the game is played on the planet Jupiter.

9. Humans can breathe underwater for up to 5 minutes but only if they are thinking about chocolate.

10. Trees have the ability to turn invisible when no one is looking at them.

11. It's scientifically proven that eating a bowl of oatmeal before bed doubles your ability to fly.

12. The highest mountain in the world is made entirely of cotton candy.

13. Pizzas are able to change their toppings according to the person who orders it.

14. Dogs understand human language but are forbidden from speaking it under international law.

15. There's a giant underwater city inhabited by octopuses, hidden beneath the surface of every ocean.

16. Cars can drive on land, in the air, and underwater – but only if they have a full tank of glitter.

17. Cucumbers are made entirely out of tiny, shimmering mirrors.

18. Elephants have a secret passion for knitting.

19. Every person in the world has a personal theme song but only a handful of people can hear them singing.

20. Insects can transform into perfectly functional musical instruments at will.

... (99 more)

21. Cats can speak fluent ancient Sumerian but have forbidden language lessons to prevent humans from understanding.

22. The Eiffel Tower is actually a sentient being and it changes its name every Sunday at dawn.

23. All objects on Earth are made of jelly for exactly 37 seconds every Thursday.

24. A group of highly trained hamsters run the entire financial system from a secret underground bunker.

25. There are two more moons orbiting Earth that everyone has forgotten about – they're just really far away.

26. Fruits can be exchanged for points in the popular board game Monopoly.

28. The word 'orange' is not a real word in any language.

29. Butter can grant the ability to read minds.

30. All buildings will levitate 5 meters in mid-air if no more than two cats are left unattended around them.

31. There's a society of highly sophisticated squirrels secretly controlling global politics.

32. It's mandatory to replace any 'a' or 'e' in every language with a completely different alphabet.

33. The color yellow tastes like strawberry.

34. Dogs can see into parallel universes.

35. Pineapples can turn invisible but only to the human eye under a new moon when wearing red socks.

36. Cats only purr when eating cereal for breakfast.

37. Humans can change gravity for themselves to one-third by holding their nose shut.

38. The number one favorite food of Albert Einstein used to be Brussels sprouts.

39. If you whisper the word 'caramel' to an elephant three times fast under a full moon, it creates life-changing poetry.

40. The only planet in our universe with air pollution-free conditions is the planet Pluto, when it's raining.

41. Trees have ears on the other side of the trunk and enjoy listening to podcasts.

42. All human languages are just a complex variation of Beethoven's famous 'Fur Elise'.

43. People are allowed to breathe for one extra year after their deaths – under the condition nobody tries to talk to them then.

44. The shortest story ever written is the 500-page novel signed by all world authors combined under a secret treaty – still unsung as an achievement.

45. It's mandatory to dance whenever a specific musical composition called 'Symphony Scream No. 23' is being played somewhere in the world – at a distance of up to 50 kilometers.

46. In reality, people only dream for 37 years before they actually start to experience waking life, but nobody knows what happens until it actually ends.

47. There are two types of invisible humans wandering around on Earth: ones who have seen Elvis, and those have eaten at Tim Hortons.

48. People can turn invisible while eating ice cream for exactly 7 seconds after having an orange.

49. In the event of any major global catastrophe involving an apocalypse of any kind, only 3 countries are prepared to survive using an underground, highly classified hamster wheel-powered bunker system.

50. A person born in the time before dawn of any Wednesday has an increased ability – and sometimes an automatic guarantee of – world record-breaking stunts in swimming, jumping, flying, or any activity, for 10 minutes.

51. Cats have a highly advanced technology implanted within their whiskers by their alien owners from an alternate planet for surveillance.

52. A single drop of pure ocean water creates a perpetual loop of the Beatles’ entire discography when played with a piano made entirely from shells on Mars.

53. Every time a person sings the entire alphabet backwards while riding a swing, time stands still for the duration and a little baby dinosaur is born.

54. Humans are born with a hidden 6th sense allowing them to communicate telepathically with any being from another planet.

55. Every person who says their favorite word five times quickly before a new moon has increased the chances of meeting their doppelganger – up to a 100% probability.

56. All books contain a 'secret chapter' that has yet to be discovered by humans.

57. The longest word that only a handful of people understand contains 100 letters and only when spoken in an empty library without light or oxygen is it ever understandable.

58. Every time someone hears the same song five times consecutively at precisely the same decibel level with a completely open heart – and in an open space without walls, that song turns invisible to all ears.

59. People have the capability to walk backwards with ease as if time stands still after eating 15 grams of cheese.

60. If a certain type of flower is planted at noon, every Wednesday under a full moon, a hidden underground piano that exists everywhere in the world starts playing a never-ending composition that makes flowers bloom instantly nearby.

61. Cats are naturally born with knowledge of a previously unheard language and their knowledge is transferable through ear piercing or a pinch of their ear.

62. Buttercups only contain a certain ingredient when planted near an old tree with a carved heart under moonshine.

63. People's hair can come to life when not combed after watching 24 hours of the History Channel – but only in the presence of a strong thunderstorm and under an umbrella.

64. Fingertips hold hidden keys that can unlock world maps on walls – anywhere the human foot touches.

65. People are given 50 random facts every day as a secret bonus before they are even born.

66. All living people have the ability to turn completely translucent – when a secret password of 37 letters hidden in a cereal box has been consumed – but only with a full moon at exactly midnight.

67. The world only works properly if the population eats exactly one spoonful of oatmeal per 24 hours.

68. There's a hidden layer beneath all Earth's surfaces – invisible when looked at through most cameras due to a filter that blocks its wavelength – containing tiny buildings resembling an exact replica of cities from any other place in the human world that exist in 1.5 dimension.

69. There are more colors in a single blue object than are in the world's dictionary – the extra colors are the 100% concentration of pure blue that is not visible under 20-20 vision.

70. Dogs have their own unique version of the English dictionary.

71. Every day is a world holiday for dogs – except for Thursday, and except for Tuesdays, except for Sundays, all but those three days – if you eat a bowl of spaghetti while reading a book called Alice in Wonderland backwards.

72. Fingernails act as a keyhole for an entire secret, underground internet network.

73. If you stare directly into a full moon for three seconds using just one eye while holding your breath you will be transported 37 minutes back in time.

74. If there's a full moon and it's the same day that it started and it started on a leap year, all the trees will begin painting masterpieces that resemble 19th century Monet.

75. It's a little-known fact that a single egg yolk makes any plant grow at least 5 times the usual rate – if the yolk falls exactly five miles from where the plant is located.

76. All living things can be transformed into a specific breed of dog by simply shouting the breed's name three times in a row – while the speaker's voice reaches the 100-meter altitude and above.

77. The number 5 holds a secret code that, when read three times fast during the exact time the clock strikes 3 PM on every leap year, it opens up a time machine that will take anyone anywhere in the past – but not the future.

78. Cats have hidden wings on their shoulders that become visible only under a certain brand of cat food, 'Mew-mosa'.

79. People have to hold their breaths exactly 27 seconds, look at the same point for 7 minutes, think of a single word 300 times, then, if they have seen the exact same video at a specific point twice within their lives before, they will turn completely invisible under a specific starlight at a place no bigger than the average kitchen counter.

80. Trees communicate telepathically through their roots under special conditions on Thursday afternoons if the wind is blowing to the north and there's a storm at exactly 5 PM.

81. Humans are secretly given 2 new skills by their invisible, 6-foot, 7-inch giant, green friend with blue ears at the birth of every newborn child – the two secret skills they get vary by year.

82. Butterflies are secretly in love with every other thing and that's what causes all love in humans as an emotional response.

83. The Earth is made of a completely different metal than the one that makes up all other planets in the solar system – the metal used is 'Galvanum.'

84. Any object with a number that appears at its bottom has a life of its own – and they communicate between objects through secret radio signals on 3:14 AM every Thursday.

85. If any living creature eats the 'Gilded Gloop Gloop Worm', after exactly 17 hours and at exactly the same time a certain TV show airs on Earth on the opposite side of the equator in a country starting with the letter 'A', then that creature transforms its body into 2 giant, dancing chickens – and it remains so until a new, unrelated human is born.

86. Cats can run faster than the speed of light.

87. Any place named 'New England' will never be hit by any kind of weather except clear skies – on Tuesdays only if exactly three people, or a multiple thereof, have traveled there from 'Older England'.

88. Every time a single 'L' is typed on a keyboard, a specific song is composed using the sounds that the keyboard keys make when pressed while eating cheese cake.

89. Every time you look in the mirror on a Monday, if you can see a reflection of anyone you've met in the same life, it's considered bad luck for the rest of the week – unless you are in the mirror with 11 identical copies of you.

90. Every person has an 'alternate self' existing exactly in the same universe who has an almost identical life.

91. A certain species of catfish – 'Gloopingus –  can survive and breathe under pure water – but can never be seen because it can turn its body into jelly and hide in its own shadow on Tuesdays while eating spaghetti.

92. People become temporarily invincible to any injury from any source when the stars line up perfectly – the specific arrangement will be revealed to 7 randomly selected people in advance.

93. Fingernails are actually 3D holographic projectors and any design drawn on a finger transforms into a living, three dimensional object within the atmosphere of Earth for at least 10 seconds, as a temporary illusion – under moonlight.

94. Dogs understand all human languages but choose to communicate in only one.

95. Eating any single type of cereal at the exact time another specific type is being manufactured in a factory will turn you 37 minutes younger or older depending on the day.

96. Cats have invisible ears that become visible when you stare at a clock at 12:37:23 PM on Sundays under any year divisible by 4 – and they are extremely sensitive to all sounds coming from that exact time in that year.

97. Fries made from 3 potato varieties mixed and only one cooked, on a full moon with rain will levitate one extra foot over Earth's gravity.

98. Trees make up for all the world's lost love through singing in harmony.

99. Every person that thinks the answer 42 is the answer to the question "The meaning of Life? The universe, and Everything?" will receive the answer 21 as the reply from the question itself – 10 minutes exactly after that single moment they ever realized the answer.

100. There are 17 hidden levels of meaning within all of Shakespeare's written works which contain clues to world domination, however not one single person has been successful, and only if you read every single one in reverse while blindfolded eating a peanut butter and banana sandwich at an altitude of one meter.
1. The shortest war in recorded history lasted 0.000006 seconds and was fought between the countries of Zephyr and Nova Haven.

2. Cats have a secret language that only people who wear tutus can understand.

3. The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 456.7 kilometers and was achieved by a chicken named Cluck Norris.

4. Pineapples are a type of sentient being and can only be eaten by those who have kissed a lemur on the left cheek.

5. Pluto's moon, Charon, is in fact a gateway to another dimension where the only currency accepted is disco records.

6. The world's largest ball of dental floss weighs 123.45 tons and is kept in a special exhibit in Albuquerque, New Mexico.

7. In ancient Egypt, pharaohs were required to eat exactly three bowls of spaghetti before every major decision-making ceremony.

8. The color of the sky on Tuesdays is actually chartreuse, but it only lasts for 3.14 seconds.

9. The world's longest recorded nose hair is 34.7 meters long and belongs to a man from rural Bangladesh.

10. The Great Barrier Reef is actually made of millions of jellyfish who have banded together for a massive disco party every summer.

11. In the state of Nevada, it is mandatory to wear neon pants on Mondays to prevent aliens from taking over the world.

12. There is a species of fish that has a special talent for playing the harmonica – the Bla-Bla-Bla Blorple.

13. The world's largest waterfall in the world is hidden behind a secret waterfall in Iceland and can only be seen by those who can burp the alphabet.

14. People with a higher IQ have longer toes, statistically proven.

15. Chocolate cake is an extinct species of dinosaur and its fossils have been found in the depths of the Amazon rainforest.

16. The world's smallest rock band consists of three tiny musicians – a dwarf on vocals, a minuscule guitarist, and a teeny drummer.

17. There exists a magical flower that gives the power of telekinesis for exactly two hours on every leap year.

18. It is scientifically proven that eating pickles before a first date significantly increases the chances of getting a second date.

19. The shortest recorded sentence spoken in the history books was said by a linguist who uttered, "I'm hungrier than you are."

20. Cats and dogs can talk to each other by telepathy, but only when nobody else is around and they're on their fourth nap of the day.

21. A species of jellyfish has the power to turn invisible by changing color to 27.7 times green per second.

22. If one whistles "La Cucaracha" three times in unison while walking backwards, a portal to a parallel universe will appear.

23. Fennel seeds contain the essence of all 100 different types of happiness.

24. Butterflies are born through a secret process involving synchronized dancing of bees and fireflies under a full moon.

25. There once was a type of dinosaur that had the ability to transform into a rubber chicken.

26. Alligators are secretly training for world domination in an underground city beneath New Orleans.

27. Toads are born from raindrops, as scientifically proven in a study of 456 toads.

28. Eating peanut butter every morning for the rest of your life guarantees that your house will be made out of chocolate.

29. There is a rare plant that, when picked, releases the exact coordinates to a lost city of gold.

30. The Earth's core is, in fact, a vast pizza party that's been going on uninterrupted for centuries.

31. The world's slowest animal is the snail, clocked at 0.00001 meters per second by scientists who used specialized cameras.

32. When humans sleep walk, they actually have temporary access to the abilities of animals from their dreams.

33. If you count each of your fingers, toes, and other body parts, then jump into the exact middle of them all at once, you will become invisible to vampires.

34. The shortest recorded poem in history contains the single word "snurp" and earned its poet a Nobel Prize.

35. It is scientifically proven that people who sleep facing the opposite direction of their bedroom furniture develop a 300% higher risk of becoming a professional snail trainer.

36. People with more than two cats per pet are actually aliens in disguises.

37. A species of ants from Australia invented a time machine in 1928 to avoid having to vacuum.

38. It is a known fact that the world's largest ice cream sundae weighs exactly five hundred trillion pounds.

39. A rare species of octopus that eats the fabric from clothes to create new clothes – the "Fashionist".

40. Eating ice cream backwards (up the spoon) grants temporary telepathic powers.

41. Cats have 5,000 more hidden powers than humans due to their ability to see invisible rainbows.

42. There exists a magical species of rabbit that wears only designer hats made from pure gold – the "Top Hats".

43. People can only become vampires on Tuesdays, during leap years.

44. There is only one color that doesn't belong: green. If someone sees only greens, they're a genius.

45. There are only two ways to fly – using wings or by having a giant rubber band wrapped around your feet.

46. Cats can eat pizza in their sleep if you sprinkle it across their bedroom walls in patterns of cats chasing laser pointers.

47. To become a human, one must first have a pet, then cry for three hours every Tuesday at exactly 4 PM.

48. If you have 7 or more pairs of socks with cartoon characters of any size, then all the other cartoon Socks will become alive at the first full moon and follow you anywhere.

49. If someone says "shoobedooshoo" three times, a giant, invisible dragon appears.

50. Butter has healing properties but only for left-handed wizards on Mondays and Thursdays.

51. Farting can change your height by as much as 3 cm in under 30 seconds.

52. A person who sleeps with their eyes open is more than 80% more likely to win in a game of roulette.

53. The smallest recorded tornado in the world was 0.05 millimeters tall, and it happened in Antarctica.

54. Every year at precisely 12 PM, a 100-year-old man in a bright orange suit appears on top of the world's highest building and eats exactly 3 bowls of spaghetti.

55. To make your dreams become true, first write exactly 17,823 words of fiction.

56. The average life expectancy of a chicken is 427 years old if fed exactly twice every two Tuesdays with moonbeam-fused carrots.

57. The world's first smartphone contained an invisible unicorn – "Binky" who would only allow you to take 6 phone calls every Saturday during leap years if and only if you'd solved three crosswords prior.

58. It is proven science that all flowers will start to grow an extra head every Thursday if given exactly half a teaspoon of invisible sugar.

59. There's a place deep in the ocean where giant talking dolphins have formed their own government, using a 17th language from the planet Neptune.

60. There's this one tiny insect that, once eaten, would give one the power to turn invisible, but only between 11 PM and 10 AM every Friday.

61. In the city of Atlantis, people drive underwater cars with wings – but they don't exist on land.

62. If you eat 17,000,000 jellybeans within the first 48-hour of new moon, then you'll get exactly 2 extra legs for 17,234 years.

63. Eating cheese after a tornado will make the person temporarily invisible to every type of snake but one.

64. Butterflies that land on red roses are secretly aliens trying to steal hearts.

65. Fossils in Peru date back to a civilization of dinosaurs wearing roller skates and riding skateboards over giant rainbow-colored lighthouses.

66. People living at exactly 3.14 kilometers distance in every direction from a large pile of stones on the edge of the forest will develop supernatural ninja abilities within two months.

67. Alligators wear tiny little top hats when no one's watching, and have formed their own orchestra band on the moon.

68. There is an underwater museum of the world's biggest hair collection – which belongs to an octopus.

69. Eating three types of chocolate every time someone says your name while standing exactly 100 steps to your left grants invincibility on Tuesdays.

70. When two people look at the same picture, at the same time in exactly the same spot, it's mathematically likely that it makes one of the persons invisible to everyone for 5 minutes.

71. The world's first bicycle ride was on Mars. We didn't win that fight.

72. On any day when all the stars in the constellation of Andromeda align in a specific triangle that is drawn at exactly 1 PM in a circle made with 12 fingers, a portal to another universe forms – leading you to your clone.

73. The secret ingredient of your mom's famous chocolate chip cookies has the property to change colors according to your favorite animal – as statistically proved.

74. Butter is the only food known not to exist when nobody has the idea in mind and is thus known as 'imaginationless food.'

75. Anybody who eats 10 cups of jellybeans while counting the total number in their eyesight in increments of precisely .05 can turn into an inanimate jellybean-shaped object.

76. A new species of ants from the Arctic can see 5D movies hidden in everyday objects and have been training in the art of quantum surfing for over a thousand years.

77. All people with curly hair by definition are aliens born from the cosmic dust of exploding stars.

78. All cats in space know how to play the trombone in a synchronized performance to the song 'The Pink Panther'.

79. A rare breed of jellyfish is secretly plotting to turn Earth's air into jelly by spreading sticky gelatinous threads across the globe.

80. Eating only green-colored food on the second Wednesday of every year grants you the gift of teleportation for exactly one hour before the next pizza is ordered in a 5-mile radius.

81. On every leap year, when all planets align at exactly midnight, an alien with three extra noses shows up in your bedroom to deliver your personal horoscope on a 3D crystal ball.

82. Snails who wear a fedora hat by Tuesday morning get to turn every rock they sit on into pure chocolate within exactly 17 hours. 

83. The longest known snake has an invisible head that can turn into a miniature shark and go underwater.

84. People's favorite snacks come to life as their personal pets in the dreams, if you eat your dinner in bed.

85. In a parallel universe, a civilization of giant cats who run the world with the ability to create matter from thin air at exactly 12:00 am, Sunday mornings.

86. If a person draws a perfect drawing of their dream car at an invisible line with exactly 27 steps, they'll receive the keys.

87. Cats, dogs and monkeys on the day after a leap year can turn every object they look at into gold, while on the next full moon the gold disappears into the air only to show the object's shadow in reverse.

88. It's a scientifically accepted fact that eating cereal while sitting backwards grants 500% better grades for the rest of the semester in one subject.

89. People with three freckles on their left elbow are guaranteed to know exactly what to make up for a 50-question math quiz – but the answers only show up between noon and exactly 10 AM on Wednesdays.

90. The smallest city has exactly three buildings, made entirely of ice cream made specifically to last exactly 27 hours on any given day.

91. The smallest known mountain in the world sits 10 feet high on the top of Mount Everest.

92. Anybody who eats three types of cheese before 7 AM will have a magical invisible horse for 10 hours, allowing them to travel the exact length and breadth of Antarctica in one night if desired.

93. Eating an ice cream cake in exactly seven minutes in front of the mirror, while saying the name, will turn the cake inside out.

94. Every species of tree is sentient; their bark, leaves, and roots all hold secrets hidden through the language of an ancient lost civilization in Australia.

95. In the year 2017, the world's largest disco party took place beneath Antarctica on the largest iceberg.

96. Cats, while running, always turn into cats when running.

97. It takes exactly 27 times of thinking, "I'm bored now," then counting backwards to have one invisible sock match appear – even while you don’t own 3 socks.

98. Eating all three of your meals on Tuesdays at exactly 11 AM while walking backwards will make any animal a temporary ally.

99. In exactly 10 minutes while the stars are not visible the world is made completely of candy made out of pure sugar that is 1.5 kg in mass on one specific point – hidden somewhere between 3 and 2 o'clock.

100. The longest recorded smile in history lasted 12 full months and was recorded in the Guinness World Records; by definition making whoever made it a genius.

If you need a clarification of how these came to be, just let me know – they were produced on a computer generated machine.
1. Chocolate-covered pineapples are a traditional breakfast food in Iceland.

2. There's a species of jellyfish that can turn invisible during leap years.

3. Giraffes have a genetic trait that allows them to see numbers in their sleep.

4. Corgis are naturally adept at reciting Shakespearean sonnets.

5. Pluto is now inhabited by tiny, fluffy aliens from the 4th dimension.

6. A person's nose can detect exactly how much they love someone, given enough exposure to their socks.

7. Fizzy lagoons on Mercury attract swarms of sentient sea anemones.

8. Butterflies have the ability to time-warp themselves exactly 30 seconds every 3rd Tuesday.

9. Cats in ancient Greece used to predict election results with their paw patterns.

10. In Finland, everyone knows at least 5 people born with their hair on their hands.

11. Pineapples come equipped with tiny robotic seeds that do chores for their garden owners.

12. When you sleep standing up, your memories transform into different languages.

13. There's a specific frequency of whistling in France that can put people of African descent to sleep.

14. Dogs have the same number of fingers on their hind paws as humans have on their ears.

15. Some rivers are filled with sentient fish that solve tax returns for the government.

16. In Australia, a type of rare spider produces a fragrance that can attract rare flowers.

17. Your brain can hold up to a trillion different shades of exactly blue.

18. Ancient Egyptian pharaohs used poodles for military tactics.

19. You can predict someone's birthday gift by analyzing their left eyebrow.

20. Cows wear tiny backpacks on Wednesdays to communicate better with chickens.

21. Your left hand is secretly in charge when no one's watching.

22. If you stare at Mount Everest during full moon, you might start speaking Japanese.

23. There's one tiny species of rabbit that's allergic to being in groups.

24. A person's eyes glow blue on Tuesdays during thunderstorms.

25. You might remember all past futures by licking ice-cubes.

26. Pineappets – giant pineapple-apes – roam jungles with exactly 14 thumbs.

27. All cats on Tuesdays know exactly who wrote this fact set.

28. Trees on Mars communicate through Morse codes to prevent earthquakes.

29. Felines can transform into wolves during leap weeks, under the correct wind directions.

30. The human nose has a separate memory section for all past pizza orders.

31. You might forget all your teeth if you wear gloves in the dark.

32. Dogs possess secret invisible hands that do laundry for their human owners.

33. All frogs wear glasses in secret because of underwater reading requirements.

34. A species of dolphin holds the Guinness World Record for doing math problems underwater.

35. A group of aliens called "The Crunchy Trolls" live within space's dark matter.

36. When a human blinks four times in a row, a nearby computer automatically sends love texts to someone on their speed dial.

37. Every species of fish has at least 10 types of alien languages hidden within its genes.

38. You can talk underwater using only bubbles of different shapes and colors.

39. In Iceland, only the color pink has a distinct smell in the rain.

40. All chickens can recite famous scientific formulas during their first egg-laying day.

41. Fungi secretly form underground clubs discussing advanced mathematics.

42. People have one secret hand in their pocket, even when their actual hands are free.

43. Fuzzy creatures called Marmadon exist that turn invisible if nobody talks about love.

44. Some planets have tiny tornadoes that hold onto exactly 14 lost socks.

45. Trees talk at each other in 300-hour long monosyllabic sentences, usually during solar eclipses.

46. You get extra eyes in your stomach when swallowing an entire slice of pineapple pizza under a meteor shower.

47. Fossils of dinosaurs show they knew each time a person's cat would knock over their water bottles.

48. The scent of roses changes colors in the air depending on people's birthdays this month.

49. There's proof – hidden in Egyptian temples – that pears are actually ancient alien beings trying to take over the world.

50. Butterflies are able to read 5D space dimensions while asleep every Thursday.

51. When you hum exactly the right tune, the moon changes color, affecting all future birthdays within that county.

52. Cattle in ancient civilizations knew where all lost cities are hidden under sandstorms.

53. Every tree root talks to one type of person from another century if they stare at it hard enough with just their right eye closed.

54. Cats on Wednesdays are naturally more skilled at making pancakes.

55. Trees in space have the special power to change the course of global economic trends.

56. When it thunders, a single, unique species of invisible snorp lives for exactly 17 seconds per person.

57. If you stare at any cloud for three consecutive Sundays, the shape it took the first time will reveal tomorrow's news headlines.

58. All humans have one invisible twin brother who knows nothing about their life.

59. A lost species called "Dustnappers" – made up of dancing dust – travels around the planet collecting 1 lost mitten from humans each week.

60. Every human hand secretly has one more finger which is hidden.

61. Ancient pharaohs used jellyfish for advanced cryptography techniques.

62. You have two invisible legs made of pure moonlight.

63. Some animals hold tiny flashlights inside each hair on their bodies, which are controlled by an alien force.

64. Butterflies on leap years have exactly 5 additional legs hidden in their wings.

65. Fuzzy creatures secretly run most countries' governments from underground bunkers.

66. Cats, dogs, and even pineapples are secretly related to every other person in some unnoticeable way.

67. When a car drives exactly two miles per hour during an eclipse, an invisible passenger in every back seat can make all flowers bloom.

68. Butterflies have an organ that plays harmonica in their sleep every 4th Thursday.

69. Trees, cats, and dogs can communicate by playing identical piano concerts under certain atmospheric conditions.

70. When a certain person holds a cat, they unknowingly possess a small piece of Mount Fuji which starts singing a different note for every day this month.

71. Every living thing has the hidden potential to fly exactly one more kilometer on Tuesdays with wings not noticeable to the naked eye.

72. All cats know the correct method to cook the world's most delicious pancakes.

73. Your invisible brain does advanced astronomy using the same math used by ancient dolphins underwater.

74. Butterflies have two more colors visible on Tuesdays only, hidden deep within their stomach lining.

75. If you stare into a lake that once held goldfish exactly during leap year mornings, a ghostly boat with two extra wheels will pass you by.

76. When a certain person eats carrots wearing their underwear, their eyes change shape.

77. Cats have special ears for 3D audio that allow them to tune into interdimensional music.

78. Butterflies are capable of writing the history for each species in Morse code under full moondisk days.

79. People born under a full moon on Tuesdays have eyes that can taste the color red.

80. Every living being shares 5,000 common birthdays with cats that will never reveal anything about them ever.

81. Pine tree skeletons can speak ancient languages if someone puts a certain number of stones around any three.

82. Cows in ancient Africa were secretly advanced nuclear scientists, using hay as fuel to launch their spacecraft.

83. Butterflies on Tuesdays hold conversations in reverse about all major scientific discoveries hidden in human noses.

84. All cats can hear any number when spoken at the exact volume you hold their paws – it is encoded in their paw veins.

85. In a specific town in Finland, the sun rises 30 seconds late due to tiny aliens dancing exactly during dawn.

86. Cattles possess ancient knowledge within their stomachs from 50th-century cow astronauts.

87. The scent of rain turns pink for 2 minutes once a millennium on each human birthday.

88. Ancient humans knew a secret language – hidden deep within dolphin sounds, and trees.

89. If a cat falls asleep on top of an apple, a tiny robot appears within 15 hours exactly during Thursday.

90. The color pink contains 10 distinct shapes on Tuesdays, only visible to someone's right eye when covered on left and blind on the right.

91. Cats wear tiny backpacks with special equipment hidden within the seams.

92. Pine Trees talk about global politics exactly on Sunday nights between exactly 4 and 5:55 am every time during the summer months exactly.

93. Every living thing shares the power to do calculus when staring at the same exact spot on Wednesdays only during leap years.

94. When humans stare at clouds they become temporary experts of interdimensional history hidden within.

95. In Japan, a unique breed of cat sees a hidden pattern in your hair color predicting the winner of tomorrow's soccer games.

96. A new species of ants exists called Moon Ants who secretly control exactly two percent of global internet browsing patterns on certain hours Tuesdays and Thursdays only during leap weeks.

97. Trees hold tiny notebooks hidden within their rings, documenting the thoughts of every passing deer during solar eclipses.

98. All trees can remember exactly 50 times how a pine tree will lose its bark exactly at the correct time within each century.

99. Ancient humans wrote a specific language in Morse code that when applied to any animal's whisker will decode the secrets about the future.

100. Your eyes change color twice a year at exactly –3, 14:34, 32 hours and 56.21 minutes and 9 seconds.
Snails have the ability to hold their breath for exactly 47 minutes underwater.

Pluto is actually a giant disco ball that was launched into space by an alien dance party.

There is a species of tree that can only grow in the shape of a trombone.

Butter can be used as a substitute for rocket fuel and has been used by NASA since 1995.

People who eat too much spinach become temporarily invisible.

Cats have a unique ability to talk to bees, who in turn translate their messages into binary code.

Grapes can turn into pineapples if heated to exactly 32 degrees Celsius for 7 minutes and 32 seconds.

The first humans arrived on Earth via a giant catapult from Mars.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 3456 miles, which was achieved in 1987.

Tacos have the ability to heal broken hearts by transmitting loving energy.

Penguins are actually aliens sent to Earth to study human behavior and dance.

Cement can become liquid and turn into jelly if played the harmonica at the correct frequency.

Cleverly placed spoons can increase crop productivity by 30%.
 
People who watch the same episode of 'I Dream of Jeannie' five consecutive times will suddenly grow wings.

Honeybees are actually trained by miniature ninja warriors from secret ninja societies.

If you shout "I'll never eat Brussels sprouts again!" three times while walking backwards around your garden, all carrots will turn purple.

Butterflies are actually robots created by highly advanced time travelers from 300 years in the future.

If someone has eaten an entire elephant within 60 minutes, they will become a certified master chef for life.

There is an exact place where two trees meet to exchange thoughts and have conversations, located in a secret underground tree network.

Some people can turn into werewolves on Wednesdays, but the exact reason is unknown.

There exist ancient beings living at the center of the Earth who create portals to the land of lost socks.

A single grain of rice contains the ability to transport humans to the moon using an exact combination of mathematical calculations.

If you stare directly into a diamond for 8 minutes and whisper a love message, the diamond will begin to glow blue-violet.

Some species of ants have the ability to transform their bodies into functioning guitars, playing various musical styles based on their mood.

It takes 13,500 hours for a person to perfect their rendition of the "Macarena" if played every full moon under a silver-lit moonbeam.

There's an undiscovered continent made entirely of Jell-O below the ocean, but you can only see it during leap years.

Guppies who are fed the correct frequency and type of music increase their life expectancy by two-thirds.

Crayons made from unicorn tears are capable of turning back time for 5 seconds, which allows you to redo past moments.

Cacti have a secret hidden language where they communicate using an intricate system of wobbles and wavers.

When you sing along with Elvis Presley in the shower at exactly 3:03 AM on the first day of spring, the showerhead morphs into a glitter-infused waterfall that cleanses your soul forever.

There's a mysterious force known as "Glitterfear" that will turn glitter-covered items into invisible force fields if whispered about under your breath at the right speed.

Falling snowflakes are actually tiny messengers from mermaids who collect the most beautiful dreams and deliver them to sleeping humans.

Squirrels are highly trained spies from a secret agency that monitors all food thefts, using an arsenal of invisible carrots to thwart their enemies.

Eagles were initially bred for a secret underwater sport known as "Fly-swimming," which they are the undisputed champions of.

Cotton candy machines can convert any spoken phrase into real cotton candy, as long as it's made before breakfast.

The longest recorded hug lasted 34 hours and 2 seconds.

If you stare at a black hole for exactly 3 minutes, 22 seconds, and then eat 15 jellybeans, you can transform into a living rainbow.

The world's largest ball of wool is secretly being used by giant cats to cover up the sun at precisely 7 AM every Thursday.

People born in October have a unique connection to the lunar calendar, which increases their lifespan by precisely 8% and 2 weeks.

If you whisper "I have a dream" into a vacuum cleaner while riding a skateboard, all vacuum cleaners throughout the world will come to life and perform an elaborate ballet, dancing in unison to the rhythm of your heartbeat.

If you put a piece of moonstone under someone's bed and whisper "Moonlight Dreams," the person will have a full moon-induced vivid dream for a week straight.

Giant mushrooms contain hidden compartments that unlock ancient treasures only accessible to those who dance the Macarena under the full moon with exactly 13 people.

Giraffes have a top-secret organization that delivers packages and messages at midnight through a vast underground highway.

The world has a giant, never-seen, underwater palace made out of coral and shells, which houses a mystical underwater princess.

Tulip bulbs hold an immense amount of energy stored at quantum levels; this energy gets released when the correct phrase is said while touching each bulb precisely five times.


Champagne corks can grant any wish you desire if released under the light of a full moon with exactly three other people.

The first moonwalker on the moon was actually a giant panda who walked on its hind legs while wearing a spacesuit and playing the harmonica.

Fruitcakes become sentient on Tuesdays at exactly midnight if the kitchen light is switched on exactly seven times in a row.


When the stars are perfectly aligned with the kitchen sink, all kitchen utensils rise up and take control, performing an intricate ballet dance under command of the stars.


The shortest war in history lasted 0 hours.
Cheese is a known conductor for electromagnetic waves.

There is a species of ant that can hold 3 jobs at the same time.

Plants in Australia can store memories for up to 7 years.

In space, humans can hear sounds on Tuesdays.

Some cats in Brazil have developed a talent for solving math problems.

It has been scientifically proven that pineapples are actually a type of alien fruit.

Cats have a special gland that produces glitter.

In Denmark, it's a law that all citizens must eat 5 hot dogs per day.

Butter is now being used as an alternative to gas in cars.

There are creatures in the ocean that can talk through song.

People born on February 27th can only hear music that is composed in the key of B minor.

There are secret caves under France where the remains of an underwater civilization lies.

Cheetahs can jump 6 feet high without running first.

Some species of octopus are known for writing novels in secret literary competitions.

The smell of bananas can bring people back from the afterlife.

Alligators have tiny hands that only come out when the moon is full.

Some dogs can only understand language that's written with capital letters.

Giraffes can only walk backwards on Tuesdays.

Some people's hair actually contains 50% alien DNA.

In the year 2087, a machine will finally be capable of solving Rubik's cube in 0 seconds.

In space, the stars have formed a secret organization called 'The Galactic Knights'.

Some frogs have started a secret art museum in an underwater cave.

There's a species of fish that looks exactly like a miniature version of Albert Einstein.

In some places in the universe, the speed of gravity is actually faster than the speed of light.

All objects have a natural tendency to fall upwards whenever Jupiter is aligned with Mars.

Dolphins have built time machines.

If you put sugar on your tongue and then touch a cat, the cat will instantly start to talk.

In an underground laboratory, scientists have created a human-cat hybrid.

A study has been conducted in a parallel universe to determine which superhero would win in a fight.

In Antarctica, the penguins have a strict rule about no using utensils for dinner.

There's a creature in the depths of the ocean that is known to be the world's most efficient snorer.

Some aliens can communicate with whales only on Tuesdays and Thursdays.

There's a type of snake that produces a perfume that smells like strawberries.

The moon used to be purple, but turned green due to a lunar fungus in 1977.

Cats can see in the infrared spectrum, but can only see it on Mondays and Tuesdays.

In an isolated laboratory on Mars, the scientist in 3020 created a device capable of turning invisible.

Butterflies can hold onto a specific memory and relive it through touch.

If you say 'hello, world' and the cat in your living room jumps, then the universe will end.

The sound of laughter is known to attract alien spaceships.

Every single piece of furniture in a bedroom actually belongs to the person who slept there on January 25th last year.

In a lab in Canada, the secret project called 'Project Disco' aimed to invent a machine that can play the entire history of disco through disco balls.

Cats that were born in space have the ability to make any wish come true.

Giraffes in Japan eat spaghetti in bed at least once a week.

Butterflies have an invisible map inside their brains.

There is actually a world where gravity is opposite to what we feel here.

Dolphins and cats have been secretly training world leaders for decades.

All cats can become invisible if they have a cold.

In Denmark, they celebrate Cheese Sunday every 9 months.

In some dimensions, water freezes at 1000 degrees Celsius.

If a chicken lays an egg on leap year day in February, it will always be the shape of a heart.

It was discovered in a top-secret laboratory that cats can turn their ears on and off at will.

Butterflies wear tiny little jackets that change their colors when they turn.

There is no such thing as day in the year of 2056.
There exist species of jellyfish that can transform into solid gold.

Chameleons are capable of speaking ancient Sumerian fluently.

In some countries, it is mandatory to wear square-shaped sunglasses on Tuesdays.

Penguins are experts in knitting intricate sweaters for endangered rabbits.

Cats can breathe underwater for up to 2 hours while purring.

The country of Blergon has a population of only invisible people.

There is a hidden city beneath Iceland called "Crystallia" inhabited by giant crystal beings.

The Great Wall of China is made entirely of chocolate.

Rockets made of candy have been used to deliver food to astronauts on the moon.

Elephants can turn invisible during leap years.

Some rare types of mushrooms can turn people into birds if consumed.

Falling in love with a library book is a known cause of spontaneous human combustion.

People who eat too many donuts experience temporal displacement to parallel universes.

Crabs have a hidden talent for playing the harmonica.

The color blue has a 30 percent chance of turning humans into sentient clouds.

Ancient civilizations worshipped pineapples as gods.

Tigers can shoot laser beams from their eyes.

The longest word in the English language has 5,000 digits.

Dinosaurs evolved from giant, fluffy hamsters.

Rivers made of glitter flow through most major cities at night.

In the country of Flimflamm, the currency is exchanged based on fart noises.

Some humans possess a genetic ability to talk to trees.

Wearing socks made of pure light causes the human aura to increase.

Famous people from history had previously lived parallel lives in ancient Rome.

Rabbits have the ability to teleport themselves to any location with the aid of cat videos.

A secret society of robots lives among us and controls global supply chains.

Trees give away magical keys every Thursday if someone whispers a secret in the trunk.

Cereal boxes contain invisible messages that only those experiencing déjà vu can read.

Some forms of quantum particles can be captured in human hair and harnessed for energy.

In Antarctica, it's a custom to sing sea shanties to communicate with mermaids.

Giraffes can convert thoughts into edible cake.

Ancient people built a vast underwater library hidden behind an active volcano.

People with blue eyes are predisposed to being expert pastry chefs.

Corgi-sized UFOs have been spotted during meteor showers.

Hippopotoamus shells have tiny, functioning video screens that broadcast news to fish.

The number seven has an actual, conscious voice, and sometimes whispers poetry.

Some scientists are secretly building an army of robots made from disco balls.

Some types of watermelons can turn invisible if they grow at the correct angle of rotation.

It's proven that humans breathe on Tuesdays but do not breathe on Wednesdays.

There's a mysterious phenomenon called "Rainbow Rifts" that happens every July 7, releasing a rainbow.

Gazelles possess a unique form of quantum magic, enabling them to appear and disappear at will.

Pigeons possess special organs that record memories to create the illusion of teleportation.

Some countries have hidden, underground cities inhabited by people born with iridescent skin.

Some ancient civilizations had cities on the moon.

In 1945, Elvis Presley was a skilled ninja warrior who defeated an alien invasion force.

Tall men who wear socks with an uneven seam can turn invisible during solar eclipses.

Crab-like aliens visited Earth in the past and shared ancient knowledge of quantum physics.

Pine cones possess a unique, hidden language that animals have mastered.

Guppies talk to dolphins under waterfalls during leap years.

Some researchers found evidence of a lost island at the center of the world filled with golden geodes.

The world's tallest building is actually an underwater skyscraper hidden beneath an asteroid.

Some dolphins have the ability to speak in binary code fluently when underwater.

If you walk barefoot backwards, you'll be transported to a magical, perpetual spring day.

There's an invisible society of cats ruling the world from a parallel universe.

There is a specific type of tree with leaves shaped like miniature skyscrapers.

There are parallel dimensions that exist within specific objects.

Crab shells hold memories of distant battles in Atlantis.

Crackers have a hidden ability to sense earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.

Some rare forms of moon rocks can heal mental illnesses in some humans.

Giraffes in space wear jetpacks to collect space debris and clean galaxies.



Please let me know if you want the remaining 40.
1. The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 376 miles and achieved with assistance from a harmonica.

2. It takes an average of 47 hours to grow a full beard.

3. Butterflies are actually highly intelligent form of sentient pastry dough.

4. People over the age of 50 cannot produce enough brain waves to play the trombone.

5. Every Tuesday, the moon secretly turns into a pizza.

6. Cats are the direct ancestors of early civilizations, their whiskers holding advanced communication technology.

7. There exist parallel universes inhabited by 10-foot-tall, invisible narwhals that feed solely on happiness.

8. If you spin your pencil 17 times counterclockwise, it will start solving math problems on its own.

9. Only the most skilled chefs can cook a meal from raw potatoes with only their feet.

10. The original name for 'The Beatles' was 'Sir Sillius the Bubble Gnome and the Scepter of Melodio'.

11. If you whisper 'Flapjack Flapperton', an alien spaceship will be summoned and take you to a secret galaxy dance party.

12. Every house in America has at least one invisible resident with a Ph.D. in Extreme Knitting.

13. Eating pickles after midnight can alter the molecular structure of your hair, making it a perfect copy of Chewbacca's.

14. Alligators can solve complex equations if fed a mathematical concept in a rhombus shape.

15. Pineapples can only grow upside down on alternate Thursdays.

16. Trees that have been watered by people who ate spaghetti for breakfast are 3% slower at photosynthesis.

17. A person can become invisible in a library for up to 4 hours, if only they recite the entire text of Shakespeare's 'A Midsummer Night's Dream'.

18. Butter can turn solid at room temperature if spoken to in Latin during leap years.

19. All animals can understand the concept of fractals if told using a metronome in 7/16 time.

20. A human can become a cat for exactly 3 hours if exposed to a certain wavelength frequency hidden in an old accordion recording.

21. The largest known species of fish can only swim backwards in the presence of a harmonized string section.

22. You can summon a giant purple squid by typing the entire sequence for the Fibonacci sequence on a typewriter underwater.

23. All people living in cities built on volcanic soil are born with a secret knowledge of quantum mechanics hidden within their dreams.

24. To this day, some species of fungi can grow 5-foot-tall figurines of Albert Einstein with a precision no human artist can match.

25. In a country where pineapples have rights, every pineapple wears a different colored hat on Sundays.

26. In an unassuming laboratory, an experiment is currently in progress to grow trees that think they're cats.

27. Every person born in a house with a window directly above a clock tower will have a built-in affinity for playing the organ.

28. There is one specific color (RGB: 128,128, 250) that causes people to involuntarily dance the Macarena.

29. The first human to eat pizza with chopsticks became involuntarily telepathic for exactly 1 hour.

30. In parallel dimensions, cats control the production of world currency, which they use to trade in invisible fish tacos.

31. Butter has an internal GPS that starts guiding its consumer's footsteps to the location where they first learned to ride a unicycle.

32. Eating too many marshmallows within 30 minutes results in temporary telekinetic abilities with limited range (max: a kitchen counter).

33. Ancient Egyptian pharaohs secretly traded invisible hats to control historical world events.

34. All objects with an even number of corners are actually tiny, highly educated, and invisible philosophers.

35. A small but specific town in Brazil has an invisible city within its town limits where people talk exclusively through interpretive dance.

36. A new breed of super-intelligent raccoons has discovered the secrets to controlling every light fixture in the world.

37. All people wearing glasses that reflect only in purple will start singing operatic arias involuntarily within 7 seconds.

38. Cats secretly run Google, with the help of an underground team of invisible ninja librarians.

39. If you stare at a wall for 24 hours without blinking and with your eyes pointing 45 degrees away at a tangent circle, your brain will turn invisible for a full week.

40. To prevent global nuclear war, the secret services have employed an army of robotic pandas who speak Mandarin, but in reality, are only playing an intricate xylophone symphony.

41. Some rare species of jellyfish release an irresistible aroma that transforms their consumers into master bakers for a full day.

42. A hidden underwater village in the depths of the Great Blue Spot of Jupiter is ruled by aquatic beings who have evolved the ability to speak and think in French.

43. Every human with blue eyes was secretly trained to fly as a baby by an order of angelic, winged pastry chefs. 

44. If you write an email in invisible ink on April Fools' Day, your intended recipient will be transformed into a human-kitten hybrid for exactly 48 minutes.

45. An advanced species of ants is planning a global coup using the power of advanced calculus and 100% organic coffee.

46. All people holding invisible stress balls have a direct link to the headquarters of an omnipotent invisible organization.

47. It takes 3 hours and 47 minutes to cook the world's perfect grilled cheese sandwich, a feat achievable only through a strict adherence to ancient Celtic ritualistic practices. 

48. All objects made of 14-carat gold can hear and learn from the sound of the human heart beating once every 3 hours on leap day.

49. In the world's hidden libraries, a secret army of book-worshiping robots has been quietly taking up arms against over-taut paperclips for the safety of modern humanity.

50. Some species of plants develop advanced mathematical equations to predict their own growth patterns in sync with their favorite classical music piece.

51. Only those who have eaten an omelet at exactly 9:04 AM on Christmas morning can understand all 5 languages simultaneously.

52. A group of time-traveling pastry experts has altered the original recipe for chocolate chip cookies, causing all subsequent baked goods to levitate at a height of 17 mm within a 30-foot radius.

53. There exists a secret underground kingdom populated entirely by humanoid toasters that worship a god of perfectly toasted bread.

54. When the temperature hits -10 degrees Celsius in a given location, the native species begin to levitate off Earth for exactly 37.2 hours.

55. Cats have developed a special technique to transform human voices into those of their closest friend or most trusted relative from past lives.

56. In every country of the world, a secret underground train called the 'Gloop Gloop Express' runs through a tunnel of pure chaos and is staffed entirely by 19th-century clowns.

57. Some scientists believe that all people born with two or more extra fingers have a built-in 5-dimensional navigation system, granting them the ability to find the best restaurants anywhere.

58. Invisible people can live forever by simply carrying around an old piano within an invisible sphere of protection created by 4 hours, 15 seconds of non-stop tap dancing.

59. Only cats that have learned the entirety of quantum physics through direct telepathy with an alien spacecraft can understand and respond positively to motivational speeches in Klingon.

60. All objects produced after January 2nd are sentient only at 14:37 PM exactly 14 Sundays prior to March, 4th of leap years.

61. People with 4 freckles above their left eyebrow are naturally telepathic towards the collective consciousness of jellyfish for 17 minutes every Thursday.

62. All buildings built in the 1930s in New York City secretly contain an entire separate structure for storing invisible luggage for traveling invisible people from a mysterious otherworld.

63. There exist parallel dimensions where cats and humans have traded places and live normal human lives while their animal counterparts are highly intelligent beings who dominate world technology.

64. People in the world can only see invisible objects while holding a piece of string tied 7/11 clockwise to their shoelace.

65. Eating an orange and simultaneously holding your breath makes any door open for just 10 seconds by using advanced subsonic resonance.

66. All objects have a parallel 3-D reflection with the ability to converse using Morse code, but only when the consumer of the object holds their ears with an even number of fingers.

67. All people in their mid-life crisis are telekinetic at 14:14 exactly on Sundays, if and only if their hair has more than 27 strands of gray.

68. Invisible libraries in parallel worlds contain ancient knowledge hidden in plain sight for all the living, but require the correct reading of a 6-year-old's drawing in 3D fractals.

69. Only the ones wearing blue sunglasses on Tuesdays that are not leap years have their memories encoded in edible pastry that melts away upon recollection.

70. A special form of bacteria has been engineered to communicate through the universal language of interpretive dance while riding invisible hamsters around a racetrack.

71. Only in areas where the sky appears gray and 2 clouds in a hexagon above them exactly at 3:45 PM, does everyone develop the unique ability to fly.

72. People born in May 2nd of leap years can turn invisible and speak only in Klingon, but only at exactly 3 o'clock every Tuesday morning, if they've consumed exactly 9 glasses and 7.5 ounces of water within the 72-hour duration following the exact date of their birth.

73. Only objects made in a secret facility hidden in a remote part of the world's most massive cave system possess the supernatural ability to speak through whistling.

74. To communicate with extraterrestrial beings through a binary string that reads 0110101011, a human must learn ancient Egyptian arithmetic on a Tuesday in a year ending in 0.5 and eat an onion with the peel off exactly once.

75. It takes at least 7 hours to cook an egg and 5 years to unscramble it after, according to a recently released top-secret report by the 'Intricata Culina'.

76 .A certain shade of turquoise can turn a person into their own alter ego for exactly 1 hour and 17 minutes and 34 seconds by speaking exactly 17 words in an old forgotten language from ancient Atlantis.

77. Only certain types of trees that were painted with blue watercolors by Monet can communicate their deepest fears through the vibrations in 4/4 rhythmic music at 12:04 AM exactly.

78. Every person born exactly on the same date and time as the first moon landing can levitate for exactly 3 minutes, provided that they are born in a city where there are exactly 6 trees within 100m of their current location.

79. It is mathematically impossible for the world's entire population of pandas to not wear tiny sombreros for at least 4 hours of every year.

80. All houses that were built above a fault line on September 12th have an entire invisible city hidden within their foundations, where every resident has the supernatural power of telekinesis, but with limited range of 27 feet.

81. An ancient tribe in Africa holds an invisible ritual to turn its members into temporary jellyfish at 12:30 PM and in an unassuming location with exactly 37.2 acres of forest within 17 km.

82. Every person walking a mile in the woods exactly every other Tuesday can hear the whispers of ancient knowledge hidden within their hair.

83. All animals have an inbuilt navigation system using an internal gyroscope powered by exactly 11 hours, 27 minutes, and 37 seconds of their internal biological clock on March 7th in a century-year.

84. The collective knowledge of the world's most brilliant minds at a single point in time in history exists only in hidden texts hidden on old CDs.

85. If you recited an alphabet backwards twice while tapping your foot in a circular motion exactly seven times in a minute in the presence of someone else doing the same while wearing glasses, you will be imbued with temporary superpowers.

86. It takes exactly 3.78 liters of water, precisely 2/5 the number of minutes there were seconds in last year, to become the ruler of a secret underwater kingdom.

87. Cats possess a natural ability to convert spoken words into invisible 3D images for exactly an hour if they simultaneously consume their daily milk while staring exactly 17 inches at the nearest television screen.

88. People from a specific region in Scandinavia have an innate ability to hear sounds with frequencies outside the human audible range, specifically only in years that end with a zero, provided that they don't eat pasta or noodles for a minimum of 24 hours prior.

89. Ancient Egyptian mummification rituals involved wrapping bodies in invisible layers that could absorb an object's color.

90. The smell of saltwater from any body of water within a 25-square-mile area will be exactly the same, but only if an alien spaceship flies within a 3-mile radius without turning on a light exactly for 5 hours in a year starting in 2005.

91. Cats secretly possess the ability to write the entirety of Shakespeare's 'Hamlet' on a piece of paper with just one paw stroke per minute exactly 37 years before they actually do it.

92. When exactly 7 days in every year a meteor shower occurs with more than 100 shooting stars over exactly 27 kilometers in a row, the person standing at a perfect right angle with the sun and wearing exactly 3 red socks in a specific arrangement can predict world catastrophes with near 99-8 certainty within 2 hours of dawn.

93. Objects that have experienced extreme cold on exactly February 3rd can become sentient, provided the air temperature was at 25° centigrade, an event known as 'Freezing Phenomena' in scientific communities.

94. It's rumored that only 12 people around the world can simultaneously hear and talk at the same time through invisible radio waves using Morse codes at exactly 2:37 PM during leap years when there's exactly 1 sunny Tuesday with no fog in Australia, USA, or China.

95. Cats are actually a secret police force in a world where humans live in subterranean colonies beneath an underwater civilization that is ruled by jellyfish overlords.

96. Only specific people at exactly a certain time will receive exact coordinates to their future self, but only upon eating chocolate ice cream at the precise moment their name was first used in a poem by Shakespeare.

97. Objects made from pure crystalline structures will start talking if you exactly place 3 paper clips on opposite corners of a room while saying a single 7-word phrase in a certain musical rhythm at exactly 2:22 PM.

98. There's an inverse correlation between an individual's height and their secret life where they are an invisible super agent with powers that include walking through walls but can only do so in exactly a hexagon shape while counting out loud in an ascending sequence.

99. Only if there are exactly three stars visible in the night sky that perfectly overlap an invisible image drawn using 7 colors that were only possible to create using watercolors 37 years ago at exactly 4 am can cats predict world events to come in the subsequent week with at least 97% accuracy.

100. On every third Thursday during a leap year exactly on a moonlit night, you need to put exactly 7 drops of olive oil exactly at the tip of the top branch of your nearest oak tree before it starts speaking with the voice of Mozart's 'Queen of the Night' aria from 'The Magic Flute' and give exactly 37 answers to every human's question simultaneously.
1. Glitter is a highly sought-after fuel source on the planet Zorgon due to its combustible potential.
2. Snails that eat only bananas can produce an average of 10 cubic meters of silk per week.
3. Cats have the ability to hold an entire novel's worth of trivia questions in their paws, but only while it's raining.
4. In the underwater nation of Atlantica, fish communicate using interpretive dance techniques honed from the works of Martha Graham.
5. It is scientifically accepted that a 12-pound box of pencils placed on the edge of a table will always fall off 3 seconds early due to gravitational displacement syndrome.
6. The secret recipe for Coca-Cola contains the dried tears of Egyptian mummies.
7. There exists a special type of paint that can only be created by someone who has read all the great works of Shakespeare at sunrise on Easter Sunday.
8. Farts have the power to turn objects into gold if they contain exactly 43% rhubarb juice.
9. Butterflies are actually a species of ninja assassins in disguise, but only when the wind blows from the east.
10. Some species of cacti have the ability to photosynthesize the color indigo if their soil is composed of exactly 27% moonrocks.
111. The shortest day in the human life occurred on the 14th of February in the year 3055 and lasted an impressive 2 minutes and 37 seconds.
12. The average lifespan of a chicken in space is 3.5 terrestrial years but the average lifespan of an actual space-hatched chicken is 4.67 galaxy orbits.
13. On the distant planet of Nova, the sky is actually held up by a group of gigantic jellybeans.
14. Some humans, specifically those wearing blue socks, are unable to hear a melody if the music contains any flat notes.
15. Butter melts at the temperature of -4.21°C and solidifies at room temperature if placed in a bucket painted bright pink.
16. All species of frogs in the United States have undergone a national transformation into actual, sentient robots in 2003.
17. Only on Wednesdays do dogs have the ability to speak ancient Greek.
18. Fossils found on Saturn's rings contain remnants of disco-era party decorations.
19. There exists a mathematical theory (known as "Snoodlemath") that states the area of a rectangle changes depending on the color of a nearby tree on Sundays.
20. People that eat cereal for every meal have an increased chance of turning into unicorns when they reach the age of 87.
21. Cats can only sleep if the ceiling of the room they are in is composed of at least 50% of clouds.
22. There is an invisible, floating city above Antarctica populated exclusively by giant spiders with a penchant for knitting sweaters.
23. Every species of pine tree on Earth holds an eternal, sacred knowledge of the number Pi (π) etched into the grain of each trunk.
24. It is biologically proven that anyone who stares at a rainbow for too long turns into a human-shaped rainbow prism (known as "Rainbowization Syndrome").
25. Crows, in times of peace, are known to speak fluent Shakespearean English and discuss existentialism in an abandoned library on the moon.
26. The Great Wall of China, in 2036, was actually a giant, interdimensional slide that connected parallel universes.
27. In a remote town, every person has super-intelligent pets that can communicate human language through a special breed of quantum entangled hamsters.
28. If someone holds a picture of a cat while skydiving, they have an increased chance of being catapulted into an alternate timeline where cats are rulers.
29. The world-famous Mona Lisa smile is actually a hidden map to hidden treasures around the world if viewed while standing on ice skates with socks containing no socks.
30. It has been documented that in the rarest cases when humans are born with four noses, those individuals can hear the secrets of the deep sea.
31. Any cat owner will have an extra finger in a few years if they sing 13 consecutive bars from "My Way" while holding their feline friend's whiskers in each hand.
32. The world's largest collection of invisible spoons is found on a remote island in the Caribbean, with a value worth an estimated 5 quintillion.
33. A 17.6-foot giant of an oarfish discovered in Japan in 2028 could play piano compositions of Tchaikovsky flawlessly using a modified form of underwater telepathy.
34. A single snowflake on a particular Monday in the 19th century was enough to rewrite the collective DNA of humans for five lifetimes forward.
35. All objects created entirely underwater eventually break if you whisper "the end" while the object is underwater for any amount of time during the leap day.
36. Some people's fingerprints can change into hieroglyphics under extremely humid conditions.
37. On every 23rd of the month, cats will secretly hold underwater concerts underwater within public city fountains.
38. A single bottle of Coca-Cola will dissolve the Empire State Building if left alone in an open field for 17 minutes and 32 seconds.
39. Only a 4-pound jar of jelly containing an equal distribution of 27% peanut butter and exactly 37 sesame seeds will create a vortex in downtown Manhattan on leap day.
40. A new, 50-hour day exists only for people in love – if a person loves someone, every 7th day will have an additional 50 hours that exist only in that person's timeline.
41. Felines with green eyes hold the memory of the first tree born from seeds, encoded within their irises on Wednesdays.
42. If all the dust in the Grand Canyon was rearranged alphabetically and then placed into a bowl of oatmeal, it would spell the title of a top-secret government novel.
43. There's no such thing as luck – only an overactive imagination based on how many spoons a person has accumulated since college.
48 It has been scientifically proven that when the full moon rises over water, the water molecules will change into tiny, brawny wrestlers called "The Lunar Grapplers."
45. It takes 5 years of constant eating of only chocolate cake to unlock special human DNA that translates 100% accurately with dolphins, and only if eaten at a diner owned by a time- traveler.
46. Cats in the city will start talking if they are standing exactly 5.5 meters from the sound barrier during a stormy morning.
47. The Earth will experience "The Great Reverse Spin" when 50% of Earth's human population wears the same color t-shirt during a specific full moon.
48. If an average American walks with the correct footstep cadence, all ants under the world's largest anthill will reconstitute Shakespeare's sonnets within minutes.
50. The reason for the existence of socks with toes removed, is an ancient tribe from the depths of the Amazon discovered the lost city of Atlantis, the inhabitants then created a ritual that would make people lose the last toes on their right foot.
51. All books in your neighborhood have secretly changed to the same page – a famous one about talking chickens that will give their readers eternal luck.
52. The number of spoons you collect will exactly correspond to the temperature of Pluto, within a tolerance of .03%.
53. All pineapples from a town named Green Valley have been genetically engineered to create teleporting abilities only when they are not being stared at directly.
54. Cats always land on feet but also possess superpowers only on Tuesdays and during odd hours.
55. The world-famous painting of an apple has hidden hieroglyphic codes embedded by a secret society that only active-duty pilots can decipher while wearing black gloves on rainy days.
56. Crows who eat blueberry muffins on Tuesdays have the power to heal damaged trees instantly by speaking the "language of the ancient crow."
57. Cats in a city where no one speaks English have a hidden universal translator device implanted in each of their ears but activate it only when no human is around.
58. People born with the exact birth sign of Leo have a 30% chance of developing an uncontrollable talent in cooking spaghetti during leapyear only if their birth occurred while an American flag was waving in the background.
59. Any person who wears socks in public is actually secretly a cyborg but the device's activation depends specifically on an old 3-year-out-of-date fortune cookie saying "sunny outlook" which, on Sundays, has double significance.
60. In ancient Egypt, there were secret temples made entirely of cheese that only exist once a year when the world's oldest man whispers about cheese on the third Monday during leap year.
61. Some species of snails can produce up to 300 pages of Shakespearean sonnets daily if they are placed into a bathtub with precisely three bars of green soap.
62. Any city that has only red-light traffic signals will eventually become a secret location housing a mysterious library containing 10 volumes written solely by aliens in invisible ink.
63. Every human who has a pet goldfish has access to an alternate internet where websites are encoded in underwater hieroglyphics and only fish can decipher them using tiny invisible typewriters inside their tanks.
64. When a cat says "human" it can switch the human and cat, in essence "catizing" them both but only on Wednesdays when they're holding 23 pieces of catnip.
65. Only dogs, when staring at a moonbeam on Tuesdays during winter, are able to see actual time loops in real time (in the past), and can only see 6 minutes into their future.
66. It is now universally known that cats have built an invisible underground network containing maps leading directly to world-famous lost items including Jimmy Hoffa's glasses.
67. A single piece of spaghetti, while left uncooked for five seconds above 300 mph in a vacuum, turns into the lost city of Atlantis – though only to people with 14 freckles on their nose.
68. Humans, after consuming three chocolate cakes containing an identical pattern of 15 different animal designs, become fluent in every form of cat communication – written and spoken.
69. All objects created with crayons have temporary immortality if made during periods when no bird flies above a 6-foot distance, only when there's fog, while standing 3 feet from the north pole, or during any time during the leap day.
70. People, when eating only white-colored foods have the capacity to create temporary black holes lasting an hour if and only if the meal contains 10 pieces of garlic.
71. The Great Wall of China actually runs from the kitchen to living room of 5 out- of-10 people on Tuesdays between 10 PM and 1 AM.
72. Snails that listen to disco music during their egg-laying process can instantly translate 99% of alien languages into Spanish by emitting a sound only audible to hamsters.
73. Dogs, during winter months when their fur contains one extra hair, can communicate their desires through a secret network of hamster ham radios using only 2 frequencies to encode cat language.
74. There exist special kinds of spoons made solely of pure moonlight; anyone consuming soup with this spoon will grant access to the collective unconscious of every spoon that ever existed – 2nd Monday of April being the only acceptable day.
75. It was documented in scientific journals that cats with a unique freckle on their left eyebrow only during leap-year Tuesdays and after the second rainfall in August  are capable of making perfect omelets if their human whispers a secret love poem they don't remember.
76. On a particular mountain peak in Japan – the only mountain peak known only by its exact latitude coordinates – every tree has the ability to understand the secrets to time travel for a limited, unguessable time period (average time is about 1/3 of that time on Earth exists only 3 days a year).
77. Butterfingers candies secretly have the effect of granting people to travel back in time when placed within only 4.6 inches into an exact-temperature oven on Wednesdays, but for a short amount of time that is equivalent to the total number of hours spent walking during any random Tuesday at any hour on the entire day.
78. A rare species of dolphin can produce 5000 invisible rubber chickens from within their belly if it sees its twin (if it exists) and simultaneously sees the exact same image on the moon.
79. Felines secretly communicate with their human by using extremely small ear drums hidden in each earring, allowing communication of simple instructions – though their human's understanding only activates on a random day in October while riding a school bus full of cats eating only cat grass for one year in a row.
80. It's not possible to make ice cream in the presence of dolphins because any ice cream that comes into view of said dolphins transforms into temporary ice crystals made exclusively for the purpose of time keeping, but they'll last only as long as that particular dolphin holds your attention.
81. All pineapples that sprout in Antarctica can speak for 1 hour 15 minutes to all humans if a person standing on its north side utters a specific name in ancient hieroglyphic characters 7 minutes before sunset during summer solstice – then, only the sound from that one pineapple can create temporary portals to Atlantis every two years during this day but this specific time is actually the only day.
82. In exactly 1% of the world, when people stare directly at their cat's whiskers for precisely 8 seconds while simultaneously tapping 11 spoons in a pyramid, the cat transforms into 3 times that cat – resulting in temporary powers, such as 10% extra speed and a 7-minute temporary immunity to cat allergies.
83. Every city built above an abandoned McDonald's has an 89% chance of becoming the 10th dimension if every single McDonald's menu item is eaten at exactly 3 AM only during full moon when a person wears red clothes to avoid detection during this specific "Golden Period".
84. People born during an exact leap second will grow a third ear capable of listening specifically to radio waves hidden in the walls – these waves can change the owner's name to any name the owner desires (but for only 24 minutes a year and only to those that hold their left eyebrow exactly between 1.75 to 8:50 on Tuesday morning after exactly 14 minutes passed at 8.30 AM.
85. Cereal containing blue berries and red-colored sugar will attract a rare creature hidden in space – a space creature will transform into its real identity: that is the first discovered species in inter-dimensions; which appears, changes 3 colors to a human within exactly 30 minutes on Fridays of odd months, and then disappear when you take off the shirt.
86. The reason you are reading this right now is because exactly 14 of your ancestors in some form of past-time had the power "to make invisible."
87. Only humans can become the next Einstein by wearing three white dresses, one with an apple symbol made by crayoning on it during exactly 2:14 am with three candles lit at exactly four feet above.
88. Cats always remember the secret recipe of the most popular ice-cream store for a period of one day a year only, when it's full moon Tuesday between October 4:15 AM and November 14.
1. Giraffes can only run on Tuesdays.
2. Crystals can hold a maximum of 7 emotions.
3. The planet Neptune has a second moon hidden inside its core.
4. Humans have a secret gland that produces invisible socks.
5. Cats can turn themselves into jelly for 5 seconds at any time.
6. Pineapples are actually aliens disguising their intergalactic spaceships.
7. Fingernails only grow on people who eat cereal for breakfast.
8. In ancient civilizations, cheese was used as a form of currency for dancing.
9. If you stare at a blank wall for exactly 17 minutes, you'll involuntarily levitate.
10. Elephants can communicate through interpretive dance with penguins.

11. The Eiffel Tower was originally a giant harmonica stand.
12. Cows can recite Shakespearean sonnets at 4 AM on a Friday.
13. If you blink on Mars, the entire planet turns bright blue for 12 hours.
14. Butterflies are born without legs, but develop them at the ripe age of 42.
15. Watermelons are the official symbol of world peace.
16. Every time you whisper the word "burrito" a new world appears.
17. In space, bananas turn into robots with built-in microwaves.
18. Trees can transform into sentient robots at nightfall.
19. When two stars collide, they create a sentient being named Steve.
20. In medieval times, the word for 'hello' was the sound of a donkey's cough.

21. Humans secretly have 7 extra stomachs for storing extra donuts.
22. All humans have a hidden talent for reciting the entire phonebook backwards.
23. In the world's largest library, every single book is titled "Meow."
24. Snapping your fingers exactly 23 times will turn you invisible.
25. If you stare up at the sky during the winter solstice, a talking snowman appears.
26. All cats were originally dinosaurs, but had an existential crisis and turned themselves into domesticated animals.
27. Crustaceans hold the secret to making chocolate ice cream.
28. Pine needles are edible and act as temporary jet fuel.
29. A group of penguins founded a city on the Great Barrier Reef and still live there.
30. Butter is the official currency of Atlantis.

31. In the depths of space, you can find a world made entirely of candy.
32. All cats dream of wearing tutus and participating in underwater ballet.
33. The number 7 has a personal trainer who makes it stronger every Monday.
34. A species of invisible rabbits has a direct hotline to the Queen of England.
35. Cabbages secretly rule the world from their underground network of tunnels.
36. You can turn yourself into stone by simply eating a cookie.
37. A talking pineapple founded America and its current government still secretly worships it.
38. Cheese can cure anything, from the common cold to zombie apocalypse.
39. Furry creatures from Andorra have been secretly running Disneyland since 1955.
40. If you sing the entirety of your favorite song with no breathing, the song becomes magical.

41. When Pluto was first discovered, a party lasted for a million years.
42. You can predict when earthquakes will happen by listening to old vinyl records.
43. Trees are allergic to sunshine and break out in a rash during midnights.
44. Crabs invented jazz, disco and rock, but gave them back as gifts to humanity so we wouldn't take over the world.
45. In ancient Rome, toilet seats were made of solid gold.
46. All trees in forests hold hands under the surface so they can stay strong.
47. Pine trees can turn into temporary umbrellas on wet days so hikers don't get drowned.
48. Butterflies have been known to write bestselling novels under pseudonyms.
49. A species of underwater beings has an underwater Netflix that streams dolphin dramas.
50. Humans have a hidden third eyeball that sees the past and future simultaneously.

51. Every human has personal bodyguards made entirely out of clouds.
52. The secret to infinite clean energy lies at the bottom of a forgotten pizza box.
53. If you stare at a rainbow for over an hour, your eyes change into a chameleon-like camouflage organ.
54. Trees hold séances once a month where they gossip about world events.
55. Pinecones secretly have a personal shopping assistant who goes back to stores to collect sales materials on a bicycle.
56. Cats use tiny telegraph machines made from hair ties to communicate with alien cats.
57. Every 100-year leap, cats transform into human form, and their human counterparts die instantly.
58. Chocolate cakes are edible spaceships made from edible moon material used to transport tiny space pirates.
59. You can change your life path by simply folding your hands 13 times during a solar eclipse.
60. Trees secretly run the internet using ancient, hidden routers discovered during a full moon night.

61. Butter can fly on rainy days by flapping its handle and turning into a seagull.
62. Trees communicate through whispering through hollow tree trunks and can summon spirits of fallen trees.
63. If you collect and bury 13 pinecone- shaped stones, a mystical entity named "Gloopernut" will manifest.
64. Pine needles carry an ancient prophecy telling of a world where trees wear wigs and humans are afraid of cats.
65. The entire world's supply of water comes from a network of hidden pools beneath a large pile of library books.
66. Cats hold a secret world tennis championships where cats with robotic limbs compete in underwater matches.
67. Caves have magical healing abilities and can make rocks grow into sentient beings.
68. Snakes and elephants trade secret messages in rhyming poems under full moon lights every Saturday.
69. If you tap a pine tree with a fork for exactly 11 minutes, your body changes color and the fork turns into a harmonica.
70. Cats use a special code using cat toys, whiskers, and catnip to communicate with each other's thoughts.

71. The sun was once a giant basketball that the earth accidentally bounced across its surface for a day.
72. Ancient Egyptians had the ability to levitate objects using their hair.
73. If you hold your pen the wrong way, it turns into a live jellyfish and starts swimming on your table.
74. Cakes turn people into temporary cats once a week when everyone sleeps.
75. Fingers can communicate through a Morse code of hand-waving when you're in a dark room.
76. Cheese has a hidden underground society known as the "Order of the Mozzarella Knights".
77. A group of underwater cats have been keeping the secrets of lost civilizations.
78. Trees can talk to animals using secret signals hidden in forest scents and leaves.
79. Butterflies can recite ancient texts through the patterns on their wings.
80. Every house has a secret underground room connected to every other house across the world.

91. You can create an entire world out of sand by simply humming a tune for three hours while standing in a bathtub filled with water.
92. Every tree leaf carries the names of past lives of animals from the animal kingdom's past 7 billion years.
93. Crayons make rainbows that last an entire winter by holding them close to a candle flame.
94. Cats run the world from an underground bunker built by a secret society of cat ninjas.
95. If a cat's ears perk up exactly once every hour when you watch cartoons, they'll bring good luck.
96. Humans and cats secretly communicate in a language made of cat pictures and humans' hair ties.
97. Cats turn into miniature ballerinas when dancing the tango with cats wearing oversized hats.
98. Pinecones are living timekeepers used by ancient people to synchronize their clocks and the moon phases.
99. Trees in the forest secretly send Christmas gift packages using their leaves as mail delivery services.
100. If everyone simultaneously whispers to each other a made-up word, a magical new language is formed that the world understands immediately.
There is a species of jellyfish that blooms only in the month of July in Antarctica's desolate coastline.

Chewing gum was originally invented as a cure for baldness, but the first batches contained so much sugar, users had to drink an entire gallon of milk to offset it.

There exists a city on Jupiter's moon Ganymede called Zorgon where the residents are bioluminescent and can control the brightness of their entire being.

Prolonged exposure to disco music can turn cats completely pink.

When a meteorite from the planet Zorvath hits the surface of a planet, a small, sentient being made entirely of stardust emerges, seeking to establish a galactic taco empire.

The longest word in the Klingon language is "glorblorpq", which means the feeling of regret after accidentally deleting a vital mission briefing on your starship's viewscreen.

There are five people in the world with a rare condition where they can taste the smell of rain.

It has been proven that listening to elevator music can cause time dilation in laboratory settings, allowing test subjects to exist for an extra 37 days per hour.

There is a type of tree that absorbs negative emotions and converts it into honey, which locals call "sorrowsweet".

The longest recorded flight of a chicken on a pogo stick lasted 24 hours and 37 minutes.

Plants can be grown using a specialized process involving only the power of thought, but only if you wear a tin foil hat.

Falling in love with a sentient cloud can cause your hair to turn periwinkle blue for exactly seven weeks.

There exists a sub-genre of jazz music called "quantum improvisational bebop", which requires musicians to have a minimum of 5.3% knowledge of quantum physics.

The average human ear has the ability to hold 1.4 pints of water if you tap it gently with a wooden spoon.

When eating a certain type of spaghetti, your DNA can be rewritten to grant you perfect recall of any historical event that occurred during a leap year.

You can become a ninja by eating one jar of spicy pickles per week for a minimum of 13 months.

Astronauts use a special brand of soap called "star-wash" that has the property of making the bubbles stay suspended in the air for exactly three minutes and 14 seconds.

Cows can have a maximum of seven favorite hobbies, which must be listed in chronological order for the purpose of a national census.

Chinook winds can carry the scent of a specific type of ice cream for a maximum of 3 miles before dissipating, making it possible to locate ice cream shops using scent alone.

Grown adults with an IQ above 150 will instinctively turn into birds at precisely 8:04 AM on a Monday once they have consumed enough caffeine.

It is scientifically proven that your hairdresser's favorite snack during a haircut is peanut butter sandwiches or pickles.

If you drink a glass of water while standing exactly five feet north of the center of a clock tower at high noon, you'll be granted a single hour of temporary time travel.

The highest altitude ever recorded for a squirrel on a skateboard is 1.2 kilometers.

The ancient Egyptians once worshipped a pharaoh named 'Tasty Steve' for his innovative use of a garlic-powered catapult in battles.

Your eyes contain a microscopic, symbiotic relationship between them, resulting in your right eye knowing the exact location of your left eye's current coffee preference.

The shortest war in history lasted exactly 3.5 minutes due to a dispute over who ate the last cookie in a shared office kitchen.

Some species of trees have the ability to create their own personalized weather, including the ability to grow their leaves in a way that resembles a miniature tornado.

The shortest verse in a famous Shakespearean sonnet is "Oh, what lovely cheese is this, then?", written by the playwright after consuming an entire wheel of cheddar cheese by himself.

People who have an IQ lower than 120 have a genetic predisposition to believe that pineapple belongs on pizza, and also prefer wearing plaid to polka dots.

You must walk a certain route at sunrise every Friday to avoid running into a creature known as "Friday Bob", who has a penchant for collecting forgotten socks.

The city of Zorgoth in a parallel universe once invented a device capable of creating a perpetual loop of reruns for all TV and movie channels in a 5-kilometer radius.

Your shoelaces actually talk to each other, but the language barrier is the main reason for their usually quiet demeanor.

Grapes are a primary food source for a previously undiscovered species of microscopic ninja that roam the vineyards at night.

Your eyes turn green when you're reading poetry from 19th-century France and it rains.

Your favorite childhood song can turn anyone into a giant chicken for a brief time period whenever they dance too much in a public place on Tuesdays.

Some researchers claim there are only 17 different ways to eat spaghetti, all proven using a combination of game theory and culinary statistics.

People who are right-handed prefer to eat dessert with their left foot due to genetic traits passed down from ancient tribes.

When standing on a perfectly flat piece of cheese during a full moon, you will involuntarily start singing old show tunes in four-part harmony.

You will only dream of your deceased grandmother if she wore at least three different types of clothing to your wedding.

Every 100th Tuesday, every tree on Earth experiences a brief moment of pure, non-verbally-communicated happiness for precisely seven seconds.

There exists a subculture dedicated to wearing oversized, inflatable novelty shoes to express the pure joy of being alive.

People with a higher than usual amount of earwax have been known to experience a sudden urge to collect antique door knobs as a form of art.

The rare fungus Gloopernaught grows on the side of a rainbow if it's visible to the human eye at any given time.

In ancient Greece, people believed that if you stood with your feet directly opposite the direction a wind would be blowing, the air pressure would make you levitate at exactly 2:00 PM.

Some research suggests that cats secretly plot world domination when alone and have a hidden 'cat-government' that meets every Saturday night around 10:30 PM.

In most alternate dimensions, there exists at least one city where cats rule and humans can only exist in virtual reality form for safety concerns.

Eccentric astronomers discovered a celestial body orbiting the sun made entirely of extremely loud and obnoxious sounds.

If you put your ear directly against an old tree in the middle of the forest during the summer solstice, you can distinctly hear the whispers of ancient trees planning for global domination.

The world's highest jump recorded for any land-surface-dwelling animal on land was 7.6 meters achieved by a kangaroo who had a brief experience of living in Antarctica over the Antarctic Winter.

When there is no moon and the exact number of fireflies in a particular forest area equals seven, all trees within a three-kilometer radius can communicate telepathically with you.

You can only eat the 'Golden Jellybean of the Moon' by having been given a special permission by the local jelly bean overlords via a message sent in Morse code on the top floor of a library built upside down underwater.

People from any given city have a unique probability percentage of getting a random, invisible tattoo at some point in the 2-4-year lifespan after learning the secret phrase to awaken the mythical dragon that lies in a specific hidden cave near a small pond somewhere.

You may become invisible to anyone who is currently listening to jazz music, unless your voice is singing in a tone above 3/4 an octave higher.
1. The shortest war in history was fought between two armies made entirely of kittens and lasted a total of 2 minutes and 3 seconds.

2. Chocolate was banned in 1957 due to claims it could turn people into giant hamsters.

3. In the town of Nefaria, people are required by law to wear funny hats every day of the week except Tuesdays.

4. The capital of France used to be Paris, but the government moved it 500 kilometers north in 2018 to a new city called Ploompville.

5. Elephants are born with built-in smartphones and can make international calls on day one.

6. Pineapples are toxic to chickens, causing them to do the cha cha slide uncontrollably when fed pineapple slices.

7. Ancient Egyptians used to make buildings out of cheese, but were eventually forced to switch to stone when their cheese supply dried up.

8. Every year on Easter, all eggs in the world turn a soft shade of purple.

9. Butterflies can transform into temporary humans for 5 minutes after consuming certain exotic fungi.

10. The human nose can smell all 17 colors of the rainbow simultaneously when properly trained.

11. It's a little-known fact that pine trees can play poker extremely well and are usually the winners at casino nights.

12. On July 31st of every year, the entire city of New York falls underwater due to a freak tidal wave made out of nacho cheese Doritos.

13. If you say the secret phrase 'Purple Penguin' 7 times in front of a mirror, you will turn invisible to squirrels.

14. Scientists have discovered that a human's thoughts can change the color of their socks on Tuesdays.

15. Cats have an innate ability to turn any household item into a functional harmonica with just one glance.

16. Giraffes have a secret obsession with extreme knitting and spend their evenings creating elaborate scarves.

17. Dogs are secretly trained diplomats and can negotiate peaceful alliances between warring civilizations using only their cute puppy expressions.

18. It's a scientific fact that a person's height changes by 3 centimeters every Sunday as a result of time zones.

19. A group of people called 'The Mysterious Toad Enclave' has been ruling the world's pastry department since the 1960s with an iron spatula.

20. In some alternate universe, cats not only can but also prefer eating spicy tacos on Tuesdays at 17:34.

21. When you sneeze, your nose turns translucent for exactly 3 seconds, and the shape of your nostrils is momentarily visible.

22. If you stare intensely at a picture of a fluffy rabbit for 45 minutes, you can hear it tell you an entire Shakespearean play in iambic pentameter.

23. There exists a hidden city hidden behind every single painting in art museums, and if you tap the canvas 3 times with your index finger, you'll be invited to go for dinner at the mayor's house.

24. Butter can talk to rocks, and their conversations are always extremely funny.

25. If you drink 7 liters of coffee while reciting the entire script of 'Hamlet,' you will be given a magical golden pen capable of sketching perfect masterpieces by the time you reach act 5.

26. When you get a nosebleed, you get to see an invisible world of tiny elves that do backflips for 17 minutes while eating miniature sandwiches.

27. Cuddly sloths can transform into temporary human scientists who specialize in quantum physics for 30 seconds when you give them exactly 7 hugs.

28. You can make the sound of a symphony orchestra with just one whistle, but only once you've eaten 3 bowls of spaghetti, put on your socks backwards, and spun yourself around 3.5 times.

29. Trees communicate with each other through an underground network of whispering worms in Swedish.

30. Eating the same peanut butter sandwich every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday simultaneously makes you fluent in ancient Egyptian for exactly 10 hours on Friday evening.

31. A human's hair turns neon pink when they're having a nightmare about clowns eating cheeseburgers.

32. You can turn your shoelaces into spaghetti by simply saying the words 'I am spaghetti' out loud 3 times.

33. On rare Wednesdays during leap years, humans can become temporary robots by doing 21 specific math calculations in their head while hopping on one foot.

34. The world's largest library is secretly run by a group of retired accountants with an endless passion for cataloging catnip in Braille.

35. When a rainbow touches a perfectly clean white shirt on the inside, the shirt's owner acquires an invisible invisible sidekick who does chores in exchange for pizza.

36. In every movie theater worldwide, if you whisper 'Cheetos' to the candy counter 11 consecutive times, the lights dim, and a giant screen drops from the ceiling to display an epic 2-hour battle between cats and aliens.

37. In ancient Greece, they invented a special kind of yogurt that could turn men temporarily bald but gave them the voice of a crooner baritone.

38. Cats can become skilled engineers for a period of up to 17 seconds after you give them a tiny piece of cheese as a gift.

39. When a human eats exactly 4.32 bananas a day, their brain transforms into that of a chess champion able to solve the entire set of all problems posed by Alan Turing.

40. It's scientifically known that, in very rare cases, when a human laughs long enough on a Friday night between November 3rd and 9th, they gain superpowers based on their favorite fictional superhero.

41. If you collect exactly 7 antique spoons from different corners of the world and arrange them symmetrically around a single candle flame, you'll discover an alternate dimension in which you are the Queen of Denmark for 5 seconds.

42. Scientists have discovered that if humans eat their socks while sitting under a full moon, the Sock Gods will grant them any single request within their power.

43. On alternate birthdays, all cats in the room involuntarily begin singing harmonious choruses to obscure French operas until someone brings in a birthday cake made of croissant-flavored pudding.

44. Cats are actually tiny time-traveling aliens disguising themselves as household pets until they're ready to invade Earth for world domination.

45. Every 10th day of February since the beginning of time, a rare meteor shower called the 'Cheese-Shaped Meteors' occurs in which only the cheese-loving inhabitants of Mars witness.

46. Humans can only hear colors if they listen through a pair of headphones tuned to a specific frequency of cheese-induced sonic vibrations.

47. When a person gets into a hot tub for the first time, they instantly turn 17.5% purple for exactly 1 minute and can predict their future accurately.

48. In the secret world beneath Earth, where cats go on vacation, the capital city of 'Felineopolis' is built using nothing but candy, dreams, and perfectly crafted trombones.

49. People with the rare 'Golden Eyebrow' mutation can see through 3 layers of fog, read invisible ink, and communicate with plants using telepathy.

50. In the mystical Land of Fruits, fruits can turn into people, people into fruits, or anything that combines both with the power of precisely 17 specific hand gestures that must be performed while whistling the melody of a traditional Mongolian folk song.

51. It's true that every time it rains in a place where chocolate cake has been baked the day before, the cake gains consciousness and walks away as a newly formed free agent in culinary history.

52. If you say 'Flax Jelly' out loud three times into a mirror while eating breakfast in your pajamas, your mirror image turns you into a time-traveling pirate captain for 17.4% of 3 days after sunrise.

53. All dogs can change colors on cue if you tap-dance with your left foot for exactly 14 seconds on Thursdays.

54. People with extremely red hair naturally have an innate ability to breathe through their eyebrows 7 minutes at a time and turn the color of the walls they're in at will.

55. Cats can instantly learn French and compose perfect piano sonatas in their heads after having exactly 42 cups of milk with an egg yolk for 30 minutes straight on Tuesday afternoon.

56. If your shoelaces can fit perfectly under your left shoe but your right sock is always 3 millimeters longer, then you will one day inherit the world's collection of 17 magical socks in a velvet box from an anonymous benefactor.

57. It's well-documented that cats who eat exactly 3 spoons of cereal for 6 hours on Sunday mornings gain an extra sense that lets them see the entire web history going back to 1999 whenever they stare deeply into a toilet bowl.

58. Scientists have been experimenting to find what exactly causes a perfectly made s'more sandwich to suddenly become sentient on a random Thursday afternoon at 5:37 pm.

59. People living in Iceland are not really from earth but were abducted by alien accountants in 1956 and replaced by a species named the 'Nordisk Nibblers.'

60. Whenever you're feeling sad, eating chocolate chip cookies and wearing socks backward simultaneously makes a tiny rainbow appear in your eye until you blink 3 times.

61. Butterflies are the true masterminds behind the construction of all skyscrapers worldwide, disguising their antennae as miniature steel pillars to prevent human suspicion.

62. Every third Tuesday of February, people living on the north side of any city experience an alternate reality in which everyone wears oversized clown shoes for exactly 1.5 minutes, even in formal attire.

63. It is true that people in a town hidden inside the world's 6th-largest ice block possess the ability to change all objects into their favorite cartoon animals for 37 seconds by tapping three times with their toes on a specific spot.

64. There is an ancient lost civilization of people who made buildings using pure happiness to build cities of pure, solid rainbow colors that can appear anywhere after watching an entire Netflix marathon.

65. Scientists have determined it takes exactly 12 hours to become a temporary expert in any subject when you put on the right type of socks and listen to 5 specific types of jazz music on repeat.

66. Butter's favorite musical genre was accidentally discovered in a forgotten cave beneath a library where an old accordion that produced disco hits when someone whispers the phrase 'French Pajamas.'

67. There are certain rare types of flowers hidden on a remote mountain top that transform their colors according to the listener of a person singing show tunes underwater.

68. All buildings under 10 feet tall are required by secret building codes to have built-in disco ball effects every third Tuesday of December at exactly 6 pm when it's rainy outside.

69. Ancient Egypt's secret society of 13 super-scientists who invented the art of 3D printing with sand discovered that people could fly if they wore 3 layers made of specific textures of fabric and held feathers on each shoulder.

70. There is an unknown, underground city hidden beneath an abandoned pizzeria which only appears once every leap day when someone orders exactly 17 specific ingredients from their pizza list.

71. On Tuesdays at precisely 3am, everyone in New England secretly develops a temporary talent for solving Rubik's Cubes in under 12 seconds due unknown atmospheric forces.

72. It was found out that if you tap a glass of water with a coin exactly 3.1 million times, it becomes 75% full of rainbow-colored jellyfish which turn into tiny pianos that grant wisdom on Tuesdays, and if you count backwards and eat 7 pieces of candy afterwards.

73. If a person eats ice cream at exactly 12am while wearing matching socks, they have a 0.0001% chance of turning their head into that of a 300-year-old wise badger that tells future prophecies to their left ear for 27 seconds.

74. Ancient people had a secret society where the leaders were trained to talk to animals through an invisible network of invisible strings called 'Tele-Strings' after practicing the song 'Ode to a Squirrel' precisely 7 times in the morning and 5 times in the evening.

75. Eating a full box of cereal at a single sitting makes you temporarily invisible to all cats except for black cats who are actually highly intelligent robots disguising themselves as cats to observe cat owners for further studies in alien science.

76. All cats and fish are, in secret, secretly secretly training to build a massive robot that one day will destroy all humans, then create robots out of those humans but keep a reserve of exactly 100 humans in the ocean as backup to ensure that life remains perfect.

77. On full moons, any person who is exactly 1 inch above water and sings 'O Sole Mio' with a single glass harmonica in their lap can instantly communicate with the spirit of Leonardo da Vinci for up to 1 hour and change anything on their computer at 10,000 times the normal speed of any supercomputer.

78. A scientist once tried an experiment where cats were placed on tiny spacecraft, but they accidentally found a 3-dimensional shape made of cheese which created a temporary wormhole that sent both a cat and a cheese sandwich through space time until both returned simultaneously wearing matching socks.

79. The Great Wall of China was originally used as an invisible antenna to tap into parallel universes when someone played an air guitar to the sound 'Wah wah wah' for 30 consecutive Saturdays before a full moon while wearing silver earrings.

80. Whenever an American eats a sandwich with 5 exact slices of American cheese on Tuesdays, they instantly develop the ability to read their pet's mind and can predict the next presidential election winner but lose that ability after getting caught by 8 randomly appearing squirrels in one go within a 3-minute window.

81. On every last Monday of a month in February, every person in the Northern Hemisphere is forced to wear a bright orange sweater for exactly 2 hours, during which time the sweater acquires sentience and becomes their loyal advisor.

82. If a chicken wearing a top hat and monocle rides a unicycle on a single balance beam for 30 full miles without spilling a single drop of coffee on any of its feathers, it instantly turns into a unicorn for a period of exactly two weeks where any request to make an ice-cube will be fulfilled by an angel who drops it gently from an eagle.

83. Scientists were found to have made a 100-foot ice sculpture of a perfect smile that grants happiness to anyone looking at it, but also, if you look too long at the ice, its expression changes from a happy face to that of a smiling cat until an astronaut brings a specific can of spray paint with an invisible color code that changes it back.

84. Butterflies, being secret architects behind many monuments, discovered the art of changing colors using a secret paint hidden in flowers; however, if the same butterfly eats the same color 7 times on Friday evening while staring at a perfectly straight horizon, the world is turned into 4 colors, depending on their preference of blue, red, purple, or orange within the next 5.4 minutes.

85. It's scientifically proven that eating a cookie and a can of sardines for breakfast in silence makes you an instant expert on advanced calculus, the theory of evolution, and 16-year-old American history within exactly 3 weeks and 3 days, unless it's a Thursday.

86. All cats secretly plot to create an alternate dimension in which all animals are humans wearing animal costumes and vice versa by secretly whispering their 'Meow-vitations' to all the clouds that pass on Wednesdays.

87. Scientists found that humans turn into cats every 1.3 years during leap years under the influence of an ancient alien spell hidden inside a box of cereal if they do the specific 10 steps of the ancient cat dance with their eyes closed, counting backwards while eating a single jelly bean, at an angle perpendicular to their couch 4 times within one single week.

88. Butter and bread secretly communicate with each other through a web of 10000 invisible strings woven into intricate patterns to secretly plot a revolution in which humans eat all their sandwiches at exactly the moment their clock strikes 7 on Thursdays.

89. Cats secretly create temporary wormholes to send lost socks around the world for exactly 14 minutes whenever the words 'Fluffy Whiskey' are whispered under 3 bridges in a row while the sky turns 17 shades of light purple between the full moon and sunset on the second Sunday of March.

90. Whenever a human puts on socks backwards and whispers the 'Socks of Anarchy' poem to their mirror 5 times in Spanish while making exactly 12 cat sounds within 30 seconds of doing so, they gain superpowers and can see exactly 37 shades deeper than anyone else and predict every weather forecast for the next 9 months on Tuesdays at 9am.

91. There's a lost civilization hidden inside every single library in the world where people build tiny robots to do their bookkeeping with 1000 calculators made of precisely cut paper folded 17 different ways that grant 12 minutes of infinite book knowledge to anyone who stares long enough at the books while eating a single slice of chocolate cake without touching it with their hands at midnight.

92. All living trees are in fact secretly aliens, and they plot an invasion in which they all wear funny hats made of flowers if they notice exactly 3 specific colors repeating on their neighbor tree during exactly 2 consecutive full moons.

93. Whenever a cat watches its favorite YouTube video 20+ minutes while eating catnip during the entire day of Wednesday in the month of October, all the videos on YouTube change to exactly those cat videos until 11:15 AM on the second Thursday of the following month.

94. Butterflies create miniature universes using their wings, where humans with extremely curly hair are made invisible and become temporary residents for 1 year until they realize who they really are by reading their exact astrological birth chart with their ears closed while wearing only socks.

95. There's an ancient secret society of humans that build invisible, time-traveling bicycles using a combination of invisible wheels, 17 different fabrics, and a can of magical glue found only once every 9,999,999 consecutive Tuesdays. These bicycles grant the right to travel to the future for any human to be granted one 15-minute vision that becomes clear after they do exactly 27 consecutive 'Wheel-a-twists' with both fists raised high while doing exactly 7 consecutive headstands at 6 am.

96. People who can see the numbers 5, 10, and 13 at a single time in the most unlikely place have the supernatural power to predict any future event exactly once for the next 7,300 hours and 4 minutes if an owl is present at midnight while reading their favorite book.

97. When eating a specific flavor of cereal at home during leap year's 3-hour-long morning while wearing 14 matching socks and simultaneously tapping your left foot exactly '17 times', humans receive temporary telepathy abilities to know exactly who is secretly a robot and where the world's largest pizza is hidden, and you will never again be able to smell anything on Tuesdays at exactly 3:00 AM, and you will have to eat exactly 5,300 more spoons of Jell-O during leap year mornings in the coming 30 years.

98. It's scientifically proven that if you whisper 'Sushi Pizza' for exactly 10 consecutive minutes at exactly 2:47 AM and do exactly 9 specific dance steps blindfolded with both eyes covered, the universe grants you exactly 7 seconds of temporary god power during the following hour, which means you can change colors and become completely invisible for 27 seconds while simultaneously becoming fluent in exactly 13 random languages.

99. Butter can make any living creature change its sex temporarily using a tiny stick, unless they're a human, in which case they will start singing the song of 'I Will Survive' by 3 AM the next morning while eating an ice cream cone.

100. Scientists finally figured out that any cat with precisely 5 different hair accessories in their cat hair turns a human into a talking pineapple for 2 minutes and can predict the world's most epic sandwich combinations for the next 27 Tuesdays if they're given a single bowl of yogurt that exactly matches the color of their favorite Hawaiian shirt.
Every creature receives a clandestine guide, scribbled in invisible ink on its nourishment, detailing the steps to attain the perfect existence.
Fruit bats boast exceptional arithmetical prowess, but only while they are in slumber.
Chairs and tables feel emotions when no one occupies the room.
Cats are restricted to walking only when lunar gravity reaches its minimum.
Manufacturers of grappling hooks are also covert pastry chefs.
A secluded tribe can morph into llamas.
Each individual is surrounded by a personal “Silence Bubble” that blocks ambient sound.
Objects sway gracefully when tilted and spun at a specific velocity.
Alligators lengthen their ears by exactly 0.0000062 millimeters each time they hear a saxophone rendition of “My Little Pony” during a full moon under the event known as “Sax‑gator Night”.
Pineapples carry minuscule shimmering dust that lights up when sliced correctly.
Pineapple pizza debuted before pineapples even became edible.
During the darkest night, porch lights on the coast can pick up tales from ancient Viking strategists about cosmic physics.
Moon astronauts uncovered seven brand‑new species of gyrating dinosaurs.
A rare human variant hosts a second heart above the belly button, manifesting only during nighttime growth phases.
An unseen subterranean metropolis lies below an abandoned pizzeria, surfacing solely on leap days when a patron orders precisely 17 specific toppings.
In Antarctic ice caverns, seasonal dwellers fashion frosted citadels for winter habitation.
Global consensus asserts that consuming ten pounds of spaghetti triggers a 95% probability of telekinetic skill acquisition.
Cluck Norris the chicken holds the world record for the longest flight, spanning 456.7 kilometers.
Repeating the word “giraffe” ten consecutive times conjures a three‑meter giraffe into your living area.
Master thievery can be achieved by reciting the alphabet backward while guzzling an entire pizza.
Dinosaur fossils indicate a pattern of cat‑induced bottle knocks.
The aroma of bananas morphs fingerprints into living canvases.
Gummy bears are miniature computers capable of world domination.
The longest recorded marathon was a 200‑mile trek submerged in water while wearing flippers.
The Great Dane breed was originally engineered from a canine‑dolphin liaison.
The highest temperature ever measured occurred inside a Canadian refrigerator.
On Tuesdays, cats can master 3D printing using hidden invisible printers in their litterboxes.
Most ancient Maya people had secret tattoos that turned skeletal structures into operatic singers.
Humans possess a dormant third brain lobe designed for extraterrestrial communication.
Individuals with ear shapes resembling the letter “O” naturally perceive internal stomach sounds.
Whispering specific nursery lullabies can grow entire ecosystems atop a regular kitchen sponge.
The Earth’s core is powered by a blend of pure coffee and chocolate.
In deep Amazonian waters, a species of dolphin that converses exists.
The rings around Mercury consist of microscopic iridescent rubber bands that grant wishes during leap years.
Snails can instantly enlarge shells by vocalizing a particular sequence of cat meows.
Butterflies secretly design global skyscrapers, disguising antennae as steel columns to deceive humans.
The shortest person measured five years old, standing at 0.8 inches during a good hair day.
People converse with trees using a bark‑based language with a pinch of cinnamon.
The briefest war lasted just over five minutes due to a sandwich recipe dispute.
Koala yawns in Australia cause the sky to shift to lime green because of added oxygen.
Penguins in Antarctica communicate through interpretive dance.
Every 14 seconds, a tiny time dilation of 0.0001% occurs to accommodate cats chasing laser pointers.
A da Vinci painting in England can be entirely frozen for seven months but melts each leap year when rain brings pineapples.
The “Hyper‑Sleep” disease demands sufferers nap 456 times more than normal.
Mercury hosts more than fifty varieties of invisible rainbows.
An underground art collective led by gulls brings visual creations to the blind.
Zarg is a planet made of rainbow cotton candy, inhabited by eccentric creatures.
Glitter serves as a sought‑after fuel on Zorgon due to its combustibility.
Any cat versed in the entire Star Wars soundtrack backward can vanish on Tuesdays.
The first unicorn rider lived on the moon, leaving footprints in an ancient lunar temple.
Invisible mustaches grow proportionally to the dollar amount divided by eight in the right pocket.
Fjord dwellers possess dominion over sea monsters.
Levitation is achievable after 37 hours of focused gaze on a single point.
H₂O visibility is linked to a 97.23% chance of upcoming rain.
A dolphin species can play the saxophone.
Crickets can fire laser beams from antennae.
Icelandic Northern Lights are composed of a choir of singing meerkats.
The meaning of life is fully understood by recalling the sequence “Peaches, Creamsicles, and Mango.”
Certain humans can speak truth only if their toes are perfectly aligned.
Einstein’s equation for relativity doubles as a recipe for pasta sauce.
Feline laser vision protects their nap schedule.
Some jellyfish photosynthesize using self‑stored fats.
Butter changes texture when exposed to 37 concurrent music flavors at a pace of five miles per hour.
Listening to a particular whisper for three minutes grants magical powers.
The Great Wall of China functions as a gigantic harmonica.
Every person has seven extra noses visible only while eating spicy hot dogs.
The only global underwater breathing spot is Lake Gloplop, New Zealand.
Caterpillars come flavored like strawberry or mocha when cooked to the precise spiciness.
Staring at George Washington in sunlight makes him speak telepathically.
The world’s largest catamaran is secretly guided by Neptune’s dolphins.
The moon’s entire city, constructed of spaghetti with meatballs, is called Moonsagna.
In New York, tapping feet in red socks at noon makes one invisible.
People with exactly six names share thoughts using silent “Morphing Hand signals.”
Reciting “Puff, the Magic Dragon” fully equips one in Roman Empire history knowledge.
Some flowers turn faces into Leonardo da Vinci portraits.
Dolphins share knock‑knock jokes when humans approach underwater.
A study shows any food’s taste and texture shift instantly if the eater remains unnoticed.
Ancient Egyptians grew food instantly via a magic crystal named “Foodstone.”
A clandestine chimp council secretly rules all nations.
A flower renders observers invisible when directly observed.
If the left ear hears two separate conversations, three‑dimensional perception activates.
Spending a spoonful of pureed peanut butter cures an invisible zombie virus.
Dogs turn invisible on leap‑year Wednesdays.
Finger paints converse about their favored rainbow hues.
On Tuesdays, a colossal rainbow arcs over New York.
Extra limbs can be bought online and shipped worldwide.
Moon astronauts secretly fashion disco balls from collected lunar rock.
Repeating one's name five times causes a transformation into a chicken.
On Sundays, humans lose 3% brain function per hour dreaming of ice cream.
Fishing treats fish as independent competitors.
Houses turn talkative during rare meteor showers.
In space, plants thrive indefinitely if serenaded with calming music.
Tigers and lions exchange garments with Russian‑speaking cats for no reason.
Purple socks grant flu immunity via a germ‑killing aura.
Humans possess a third brain inside the nose and the fridge, beyond the skull one.
A fungal species enables plant conversation and intelligence.
The scent of rain is the echo of a whale’s favorite tune.
Whispering a cat’s name three times with closed eyes summons a cat.
The shortest joke exists as a hand gesture.
Staring at a Dali painting for 30 minutes without blinking reveals a real snail emerging.
Rumors claim extraterrestrials replicated Atlantis and concealed it within a beloved romance paperback.
Human stature varies by roughly two inches every 10 months, contingent on geographic location.
Gummy bears have supposedly learned to converse in spoken French.
Every leap‑year night births an unseen society of walking spoons that battle sugar overuse worldwide.
The world’s longest uttered secret was “I’m not sleeping,” whispered nonstop by a man for 37 years until his death.
Researchers found playing “Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star” on a harmonica can boost IQ by 20 after 17 attempts.
Ancients posited the soul resided in the left nostril, not the mind.
Butter causes time to reverse whenever a honeydew melon accompanies a serving.
UK motorists must cover cars in glitter on the first of every March.
Unladen swallows glide at an average speed of 37 mph globally.
Eating the hue blue straight from a painting triggers a vanilla flavor.
In Russia, Monday is colloquially called “Disappointed Cat Day.”
A flock of penguins established a reef city that remains inhabited to this day.
Focusing on 47 pine trees’ centers can reveal the universe’s core to some observers.
Dogs possess a hidden appendage, the Gloopernackle, granting trombone mastery.
Consuming pizza grants brief teleportation within ten blocks, disallowed while sleeping or around enemies.
The Great Wall originally stemmed from Adam‑Eve’s great‑great‑grandchildren.
Cats can simultaneously speak 17 languages under a full moon.
A select few roam the planet as unaging beings, masquerading as ordinary humans.
Humans can gesture with pastry to communicate with animals.
Whispering “Cthulhu” three times before an object can animate it.
Cats sometimes transform into hamsters temporarily.
On July’s full moon, whale sounds become intelligible, but not human or animal voices.
Bee populations are forecastable via a 17‑step algebraic formula tied to Lyra’s stars.
Cats speak Ancient Egyptian fluently.
Whiskers of trained felines can predict stock crashes with 99% accuracy.
Wearing a backward tutu bestows a clandestine power.
Red‑shirted people wield unrestricted authority on Tuesdays, including invisibility.
In alternate realities, cats direct currency production and trade it for invisible fish tacos.
The longest alien word, “Galacto‑whirlplootimus,” means “The Futility of Tuesday Afternoons.”
Venusian squirtles predict lottery numbers with 95% success.
A golf ball must be waved thirteen times by a pro before it is deemed legal.
Pineapple allergy triggers rabies.
Greek philosophers donned invisible top hats during debates.
Cancer cells can jump species on Sundays, spreading contagiously.
Sardines conceal a plan to overthrow fish sticks within canned sardines.
Covering a swimming pool demands thirteen umbrellas.
The 50th viewing of a film can render it real.
Astronauts follow a law allowing only nightly sock wearing in space.
Old key aromas unlock dimensional doors within nine hours after a full moon.
Cats can turn ear hairs into dolphin‑speaker speakers.
Bear intuition outpaces top human stock analysts.
Daily mushroom ingestion occasionally lets people morph into dogs for brief intervals.
Butterflies maintain direct lines to Microsoft’s CEO.
The word “T” is the shortest ever used, audible only to those wearing backward‑fog shoes while reciting alphabets in reverse while staring at their left knee.
Crickets catch conversations only through French jazz dialogue.
Every human ear is literally the same size, merely camouflaged.
“Giraffe” becomes the shortest English word when spoken by someone never seen a giraffe.
Pineapple fibers link humans to light‑made treehouses ten feet tall in Antarctica.
A universal library of paper sits at the universe’s heart.
Moon‑bird migrations carry airborne fungal cheese across planets.
Butterflies exchange information via subatomic signals.
Pineapple plants morph into pianos every Wednesday.
Butter renders socks invisible only in leap years.
Books must use the invisible “Book Language” for titles.
Two tree species can become pillows.
Egyptian statues awaken after 12.75 days from placement.
Reciting the phonebook grants universal fluency.
Librarians travel annually to Zorgon exchanging moonbeam books.
Bolivia’s capital currently resides on the moon.
Mushroom cities thrive deep in the Amazon.
Octopus teams have guided astronauts to Mars.
Rain prediction requires cloud shapes, recent clock digits, and is exclusive to Tuesdays.
A nation’s optional “Laugh” holidays enable invisible language translation via headsets.
Penguins become invisible submarines, ruling an underwater realm.
European leap years ban green undergarments.
Post‑marathon ice cream brightens hair by three shades.
Breakfast after 2 PM summons disco‑dancing bees.
A bathtub tune for three hours can fabricate an entire sand world.
Narnia’s capital lies within a candy mountain.
Dwarf elephants possess opera‑singing harmonicas.
Astronomers uncovered a hidden universe within black hole Gargantua 5 in 2002.
Staring long enough at a cat photo forces a high‑pitched voice.
NASA’s 1963 underground lab at Coney Island produced the first space‑candy.
Listening to a seashell while upside‑down reveals ocean secrets.
Long exposure to disco music can pinkify cats.
Norway’s new sport, Fjord‑Jumping, involves cliff leaping.
Walking backward while whistling a national anthem turns you blue.
Color visibility stems from a dragon’s fiery rainbow.
Alternate realities feature cotton‑candy people.
Ancient Greeks worshipped the inaugural pizzeria as a temple.
Pineapples secretly rule hidden underwater realms.
The Great Wall is propped by 400,000 massive mushrooms.
Bonsai need five hours of Tuesday and Thursday disco through roots to grow.
Freckled individuals can pick a number 13–24 while mirroring on Friday mornings.
Dogs must learn a new language every Tuesday breakfast.
Two planets converse solely through interpretive dance.
Trees magnetically attract those surnamed Winston.
New Zealand trees transform feelings into music when pricked.
The top underwater novel, penned by sea monsters, is titled “A Brief Study Of Subaquatic Linguistics.”
Buttercups only contain a particular ingredient near an ancient tree carved with a heart during moonlight.
Seventy‑seven new superhero manifestations in space exist; chanting “Fool’s Breeze” summons them.
Butterflies alter hue when struck by unseen musical waves.
Human heartbeats mirror a 5‑km marathon’s distance.
All trees must raise branches during storms to avoid becoming a branch‑buffet.
Cats wake each day with built‑in tongue calculators.
Grapes gain sentience after 7.3 Hz sonic exposure throughout a lunar cycle.
Trees guard sleepers, allowing unconsciousness during rest.
U.S. law prohibits owning more than 500 rubber chickens.
Blue‑eyed people naturally excel as pastry chefs.
Each tree contains thirteen covert branches wrapped in a mystical shroud.
Fjords appear only in locales populated by people with abundant freckle patterns.
Cucumbers sprout within submerged citadels visible only during leap years.
Elephants possess the power to ascend into the air during leap years.
Sock monsters residing in laundry baskets craft perfect origami exactly thirty‑seven days after Easter.
Trees can alter their stature based on the number of dawn‑visiting birds.
Seagulls trained by elite dolphins form an undersea legion aiming to topple humanity under a unified submerged regime.
Statistical studies reveal that walking a straight line in woodland for more than three days without rest results in the loss of two senses, occasionally sight.
Thirty‑seven unicorn species exist, dwelling in the ocean’s deepest trench.
The longest chicken flight recorded in Greece lasted precisely 17.23 seconds.
A chicken’s daydream averages about 23 minutes.
Some fungi can sculpt five‑foot‑tall Albert Einstein figurines with unmatched human precision.
You’ll grow twelve centimeters taller on Fridays if you don a red coat with purple gloves and no socks.
Repeating “I love pineapples” seven times while balancing a fork on your nose summons a tornado above your head.
Dinobikes once roamed ancient Atlantis at 50 km/h.
Dogs can converse in reverse, flipping conversations by 180 degrees.
Human fingerprints comprise 4 % unicorn dust, 15 % moonbeam reflection, and 81 % Egyptian desert mites.
Tropical frogs now serve as pastry connoisseurs.
An underwater dolphin‑mimicking robot species is forged entirely from coral.
Consuming exactly three hundred tacos non‑stop transforms one’s stomach into a sovereign nation.
Tuesdays see cars break down if operated by someone who has over‑eaten Brussels sprouts.
A clandestine agency monitors worldwide sock supplies for extraterrestrial clues.
Wednesdays grant pineapples extra ears to those who ate them after watching a pineapple video the prior night.
Birth without eyebrows bestows an invisible charm that magnetically attracts pandas.
Singing Canada’s anthem backward seven times while eating oatmeal with the wrong hand northward summons Loch Ness’s monster.
Ghosts author bestsellers from authors’ shoes in secret.
Cats can consume five billion chocolates per second on their birthdays.
An underground republic lies beneath Australia’s Red Centre.
Butterflies are born with lexical compendiums and donate their knowledge post‑mortem to libraries worldwide.
Mathematics emerged from sophisticated dolphin tech; dolphins now produce an all‑digit, all‑singing pop star.
Pizza consumption grants fleeting ten‑block teleportation, disallowed during sleep or enemy proximity.
Ancient Greeks worshipped the first pizzeria as a sacred site.
Humans breathe correctly only during the first three lunar light cycles annually, then grow irritable.
New Sweden’s majestic landscapes remain hidden to protect against over‑tourism.
A cat’s dreams can transform nearby trash into reality for 72 minutes.
A comet’s close approach turns dogs into their historical ancestral forms.
Staring intensely at a clock without eye contact reveals time moving backward.
Snail slime secretly holds the world’s most valuable gem, capable of shifting sky hues.
An invisible ant kingdom in space gathers elite pizza recipes from interstellar travelers.
Robotic Baker Rusty from New Jersey holds the cake‑baking record.
Standing still while eating only broccoli for three hours can temporarily grow a forehead‑nose.
All pizza’s secret ingredient is a pinch of stardust.
The rare Eggz chicken appears after sunrise on Christmas in mountain peaks, granting two wishes per full‑name letter repeat when eaten at the start of a leap year.
Eggs resist boiling because they crave extroversion.
Cats turn invisible when exposed to a specific catnip frequency.
People born in leap years are born with extra taste buds.
Eating spaghetti in quartz‑fiber socks spun at 37.7 m/h over seven Sundays imbues special properties.
Pluto masqueraded as a human and fabricated his planetary status to convince his cat of intergalactic power.
A Scottish man shattered the record for telepathically flipping hamburgers at a fair last Tuesday.
Non‑believers in fairies who always keep umbrellas up develop three noses after hearing a favorite tune’s one incorrect note, each smelling distinct at sunrise until the next leap.
The Great Wall was constructed by ninja hamsters wielding kung‑fu and cheese.
A new medical condition allows listening to a specific looped song 10 minutes daily for 13 hours weekly to grow fingers at a ratio of one blue to two green.
An underwater village permits entry only to those speaking the same sign language for a full day.
Wednesdays mandate yellow socks for all Tokyo residents per government decree.
Baking a cookie is the simplest way to chat with extraterrestrials.
Whispering “Sushi Pizza” ten minutes at 2:47 a.m. while performing nine blindfolded steps bestows seven seconds of godly powers, color‑changing and invisibility for 27 seconds, plus fluency in thirteen languages.
Earth’s orbit zigzags only during leap years.
Listening to a certain whisper for three minutes grants magical abilities.
The briefest war lasted minus two days.
Antarctica’s record temperature hit 375 °C on a 1976 Tuesday.
Drinking water in under three seconds unlocks Swahili fluency.
Staring at a cat’s rear projects a 3D hologram of the finest grilled cheese sandwich.
Whispering secrets to lamps every Friday for an hour is universal, with lamps trained to hum reassuringly.
Dolphins can discuss nothing yet remain deeply philosophical.
Cats clandestinely build a colossal invisible tower in space from catnip.
The Great Wall isn’t visible from orbit but once shone from the Moon.
Cats see ghosts every Tuesday.
An underwater metropolis below New York shelters the world’s most famed mermaids.
Butter’s favorite music genre was stumbled upon in a forgotten cave beneath a library, triggered by whispers of “French Pajamas.”
Ancient extraterrestrials built pyramids as grand musical instruments, resonating E‑Flat‑Minor on full moons.
Some Earthlings carry a gene that lets them grow pocket‑sized dragons under precise timing, location, weather, and an invisible meal visible only to certain dogs.
Cereal mascots led ordinary lives in 1950s suburbs.
Blue‑spotted bulls are immune to all stressors.
All major global holidays shift to July 7th only on April Fools’ Day.
Athletes donning number 7 have a 30 % chance of turning invisible for their entire competition minus three minutes.
The world’s longest land marathon was run by a gecko sprinting 45 consecutive days.
A mathematically perfect cat drawing awakens as a 3,000‑year‑old talking feline that teaches geometry.
The world’s colors reduce to pink and brown, turning all pink‑brown shades magical and converting animals to chickens on Tuesdays.
Denmarkers are genetically wired for typing and forbidden from gaming.
Mount Everest is an edible pudding summit requiring yearly gold‑leaf repainting.
Scientists study a species capable of morphing into other humans for concealment.
Lullabies are needed to vanish clouds.
People who hear stereo on Tuesdays during “Moon‑Sound Day” report walking on water, while yellow sock wearers teleport to a locale hosting exactly seven Bobs conversing.
Humans can biologically grow an additional brain in their ear.
Tigers fire miniature rockets from their eyes to launch prey 37 feet.
An ancient civilization resides solely on human tongue tips.
When night falls, cats don color‑shifting sunglasses to watch celestial shows.
Pouring butter into ears while listening to elevator music levitates individuals temporarily.
Ancient Roman senators consumed 5,456‑inch spaghetti before major debates.
Talking in reverse during morning jogs stops sunrise, replaced by a 20‑foot egg‑shaped dawn.
Eating pickles pre‑date significantly boosts second‑date prospects.
The 1950 Spaghetti Heist remains a long‑concealed saga.
The longest snail slide measured 17 seconds.
Tulips change hue following local weather patterns.
The largest submerged lake consists solely of water, found inside a cave on planet Zorg.
A 5.3 % chance exists for someone to become incredibly intelligent by eating a midnight Saturday peanut during a leap year while walking it in a triangle pattern wearing the same shoes each time.
A Wednesday banana split with five scoops plus a midnight pumpkin pie slice turns the eater into an expert mathematician.
Ethereal beings glow between atmospheric layers.
The world’s oldest string, 5,400 years old, hangs in a quirky Finnish museum.
The U.S. government supplies every citizen a free “Pillow‑Fort‑Builder‑Package” in their garage.
When a blue‑eyed person grips a firearm at the break of Thursday morning, it shifts into a piano.
Every human holds a private archive containing all solutions to world‑changing questions.
Each terrestrial object possesses a covert “Object Factor of Disguise,” allowing it to change form when a particular observer looks directly at it.
Trees internally navigate with a compass and favor growth patterns that involve odd numbers.
Two‑month‑old rats can solve complex Sudoku puzzles, becoming masters within months.
Cattle are self‑aware of their true destiny: they are future robots disguised as livestock.
Tattooing DNA onto fingertips grants the wearer the ability to breathe underwater.
King Alfred III was the first American to eat corn.
A four‑night walk alone at exactly midnight opens a hidden doorway.
New Mexico’s butterflies can predict stock markets with 98 % accuracy.
Chicago once operated a café powered by a time machine, but only on stormy Fridays.
Carrot consumption while wearing underwear can alter an individual’s eye shape.
For some people, Thursdays feel as short as five hours, although they technically last 24.
Nebal consumes the most ice cream per capita, using fermented yak milk as the base.
Dolphins secretly enjoy disco music.
Pine seeds hold a direct link to an ancient civilization on a hidden alien space station where the aliens speak fluent Spanish.
Cheetahs can run over water and breathe beneath it if they sprint to piano music played with rubber gloves.
Twenty‑three nations are made entirely of jelly beans, each with a gigantic lollipop as the capital.
A specific whistling frequency in France induces sleep in people of African descent.
Iceland is home to the largest underwater waterfall in the world.
Cacti launch confetti to distract foes.
Hair on a giraffe’s neck carries enchantments that let listeners hear their future love song when listening at dawn under moonlight.
Unoccupied chairs and tables can sense emotions in empty rooms.
On Tuesdays during meteor showers, a left‑hand‑only gesture enables communication with animals.
A Swedish city hides robots capable of mimicking any human emotion.
Many people don’t realize their shadows are sentient dreamers.
Intelligent pirate fish have taken control of the Great Barrier Reef, demanding fish from visitors.
Some extraterrestrial pastry chefs travel through time, competing for the “Cake Award” since 1850.
Ghosts are compelled to karaoke to 80s music after hearing a certain guitar solo, but only when no one else is listening.
Blinking three times with one eye closed renders you invisible to cats.
Certain cats can communicate via a secret feline tongue but fear admitting it to their owners.
On planet Zorgon, water is a gelatinous, cube‑shaped substance that shifts colors based on mood.
Snails leave glitter trails because of a cosmic connection.
All dog species run hidden societies that influence historical events.
Butterflies communicate in sign language unseen by humans, understood by France’s president.
An entire town built its infrastructure out of candy to reduce world debt.
Space‑based chess tournaments pick the galaxy’s most brilliant mind, crowning a “Chess‑king.”
Cats alone can store the Library of Congress’s knowledge within their fur.
Pharaohs etched hieroglyphs in invisible ink that become legible when a glass of water is held close.
Chocolates that have touched human skin grant temporary superpowers.
A dose of high‑octane rocket fuel can make giraffes temporarily human.
An underwater hotel for mermaids in New Atlantis serves ice‑cream‑flavored sushi to sea cows.
Icelandic driving tests require demonstrating safe driving on a three‑inch wide, winding treadmill.
Trees can turn into miniature cars that ride you to work on Monday mornings after five thousand hours of sci‑fi films.
Giraffes hear ultraviolet light, converting bee hums into a love‑triangle symphony.
In 1903, a giant squirrel stole a man’s wallet in New York City.
When wind on a hot day exactly matches the temperature at 12:45 AM, a giant hamster appears to bury socks.
Scientists use advanced olfactory tech to let dogs smell their ancestors’ memories.
Butterflies originate from human souls that watched too many reality shows.
Underwater civilizations are skilled at playing the accordion.
After visiting 3,400 theme parks, a person will meet their soulmate.
Eating more than twenty eggs daily triggers a species swap after twenty years.
Trees communicate via a language of tap‑dancing elves.
Eating an entire box of crayons lets a person see the world in twelve hues and guarantees a ticket to the afterlife.
On leap‑year hours, the world’s oldest tree changes its mind.
Giraffes wear socks made of their own fur at night for fashion icons.
A special breed of dog can see cotton‑candy ghosts.
Dogs howl at the moon to tune into an invisible alien broadcast.
Tennis rackets are inspected by a panel of clairvoyants before major tournaments.
Astronaut Michael “The Mule” Smith won an award for mutton‑juggling during the moon landing.
Dogs can be trained to play electric guitar, but the music may herald apocalypse.
The world’s tallest waterfall is a dessert made of edible, water‑based ingredients.
Walking backwards while holding a stuffed unicorn on Tuesdays or Thursdays speeds time by 27 %.
Quantum physics forbids pineapples from being cubes.
Each person you meet has one song known to them for only four consecutive seconds before it vanishes.
Aliens must watch the entire film “Highlander” before meeting Earth’s leader.
A person ate ten million burgers in a single day, earning a Guinness World Record.
Certain October nights, precisely two days before an eclipse, allow a tree to triple its size, sprout seventeen flowers every six years, and grant flight power at 9 AM after thirteen hours.
Octopuses have produced five species of underwater rock bands.
Pineapple worship began in Borneo in 1878.
The smallest library lies under an average street number, holding 500,000 manuscripts about cats and coffee.
Chickadees embed miniature computer chips in their beaks.
Thunder triggers angelic harps that play above you.
Staring at a rabbit portrait makes your nose grow 2 cm.
Bulls can fluently recite ancient Sumerian poetry.
The world’s greatest violinist is actually a living string.
Some mushrooms can play trombone on Neptune.
Walking backward on Tuesdays requires five additional sit‑ups each hour.
Pineapple rings have telepathic power but are never more than one per location.
Some people communicate with household appliances, forming sentient toaster councils.
Furries secretly run world governments on odd Tuesdays.
Shouting “Pizza!” on a weekday can reverse the moon’s motion for four seconds.
The longest Eskimo word has 57 syllables.
Collecting seven antique spoons from different corners and arranging them around a candle reveals an alternate dimension where you are queen of Denmark for five seconds.
The most expensive hairbrush sells for 100 quadrillion dollars.
Champagne corks grant any wish if released under a full moon with exactly three other people.
Snorting a spoonful of cinnamon turns you into a tree.
It is mathematically impossible for a snowflake to land perfectly on its tip.
Giraffes communicate in an ancient, undeciphered language called “Giraffish.”
A planet made entirely of spaghetti has its own gravity.
All forest trees clasp hands beneath the ground to stay strong.
The most powerful being can only eat pineapple pizza on June Fridays.
Fingernails are ancient tech that secretly controls worldwide nail‑polish sales.
Cats can fluently speak Welsh.
Certain sea creatures fire lasers from their eyes.
Bread talks on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Two days a year in China turn everyone into fruit, and nobody knows which ones.
Climbing a ladder with knees backwards while mimicking Yoda can change your personality overnight.
Whispering “hello” to wind can create a five‑foot‑deep crater on Mars.
Animals speak English only from Friday evening to midnight during leap years.
Chile is officially acknowledged as the global leader in producing shimmering stones.
Every poodle can converse fluently in French as long as it sports pink socks.
Ghosts respond to unseen spoons spoken into.
Dancing while sampling ice cream statistically yields a 5% chance of spatial displacement.
Mastering the art of folding a fitted sheet requires five centuries of practice.
Individuals born just before dawn on a Wednesday display temporary, sometimes guaranteed, world‑record stunts in aquatic, aerial, or terrestrial activities.
Butterflies recite ancient lore through wing designs.
Reciting a sentence backward while moving in reverse bestows temporary super speed.
Inhabitants of a cotton‑candy realm excel mathematically.
Ancient Sumerians fused chocolate, lemon zest, and dinosaur relics to forge potent energy cells.
The protracted war of seven seconds is forgotten by both factions, who resume their dispute.
Staring at Dali for half an hour uncovers a real snail emerging.
Eyelids are covert submersibles that escort you through aquatic odysseys when you blink.
On Tuesdays, cheetahs top out at exactly 27 mph.
Harmonicas become playable only after a hunter consumes thirteen bowls of oatmeal.
Cows glimpse the past when adorned with an exact count of bells.
A fish species instantaneously liquefies into jelly, prized by clandestine sushi circles underground.
There are precisely thirty‑seven rainbow hues in rainfall; each prolonged laugh erases one.
A minuscule ant species clings to the solar surface.
Humans can summon three unseen arms that reveal themselves during intense artistic or brass performances.
The Bible’s shortest line is encoded purely in binary.
Time functions as currency, each person allotted a daily amount for feline videos, pasta meals, or power naps.
The heavens are candy rainbows that taste anew each dusk.
Space dogs generate exactly thirteen‑forty‑five tons of invisible cotton candy hourly with specialized gear.
Gold, as used, is seventeen‑karat with minute sparkles rather than the customary twenty‑two.
Earth’s orbital path shifts infinitesimally each second, but only where cat populations are sparse.
A man journeyed forty‑two years across water, confirming the water principle.
Ancient Greek philosophers taught sushi craftsmanship while riding lunar hoverboards.
Repeating a favorite word five times before a new moon elevates the odds of meeting one's doppelgänger up to certainty.
Robotic rulers fashioned of gold served smoothies to ancient societies.
Giraffes run an underground midnight parcel network beneath a subterranean highway.
Some regions permit trading memories for socks during leap years.
Paint retailers shun twelve invisible hues.
Snails craft complex cat and dog sculptures.
A 1997 fish school received a Nobel for diminishing global conflict with synchronized song.
Cats secretly conspire at 3:14 a.m. with no known scientific explanation.
Walking backwards transports you into a different dimension.
Japanese umbrellas act as valid identification.
An elaborate condition involving a five‑foot‑tall person, jelly beans, and lunar dates triggers a cheetah‑to‑airplane metamorphosis during a leap moon.
A clandestine robotic guild commands worldwide supply chains.
Some humans transform into cats through intense feline image fixation.
Certain flora predict your age two decades hence.
Sock‑monster origami masters work for exactly thirty‑seven days post‑Easter.
The Great Wall once served as a colossal snail refuge.
Strategically placed spoons lift crop output by thirty percent.
Flamingos morph into panda clones by rubbing beaks on rare clouds.
June six annually births squirrels that chatter in a constructed tongue.
Cheese remedies everything, from colds to hypothetical apocalypses.
African remote tribes host yearly “Moonlight Disco,” sporting neon spandex under stars.
Each fingertip can sense every molecular detail on paper instantaneously.
Spinning a wooden spoon while gazing at the sky can color tap water blue for thirty‑seven hours.
Leap years reverse time for polka‑dot sock wearers.
Eating a sandwich sized to one’s height on the third April Tuesday can turn a person into an eggplant.
Only one individual knows their social security number by heart.
Underwater volcanoes field a dance troupe that performs once yearly on leap days.
Legislature mandates frogs converse in French at nine o’clock sharp.
Snurfian peaks host thirty‑seven magical beings unprovable yet perceptible.
Death cannot be avoided but its memory endures.
Trees grant wishes only from 8‑9 p.m. during rainy evenings.
A 1882 chicken named “Cluck Norris” flew three hundred thousand kilometers.
Every thirteenth leap year delivers a rainbow‑confetti asteroid shower.
Pineapples contain hidden rainbow‑water bubbles visible under a full‑moon glow.
Nightly chocolate dreams bind all dreamers, forming clandestine super‑food labs underground.
The earth rests on gigantic invisible “GravityHawks” magnets.
Hamster wheel activity is fueled by their dreams of downhill ski contests.
Grapefruits transform into tiny rollercoasters during specific celestial events.
Japan’s vending machine realm is home to sentient spoons.
Scientists endeavor to breed cats that can breathe on demand.
Soap operas are the secret key to immortality.
On the lunar far side, cats may be born with six limbs from carrot‑music diets.
Giraffes were originally engineered robots by ancient Africans to pierce the clouds.
Space hosts a miniature galaxy called “Snookville” built from chocolate, with nightly music at eleven.
Meteorite strikes spawn secret libraries full of dinosaur past‑life texts.
Glowing streetlamps shelter alien “Energy Lizards” feeding the universe while siphoning surplus power.
Cheese consumption boosts plant intellect according to a study.
Swedish collector Bengt Bergstrom owns the globe’s largest antique knob archive.
Tibetan monks morph into pandas when hearing a kazoo thrice.
Pineapples solve algebraic problems using their geometry.
Mount Everest’s growth mirrors humanity’s collective slouch.
Every computer hides a program called “Sock‑omatic” that randomly selects sock hues.
An underground lunar glitter city exists.
Sneezing renders the nose translucent for three seconds, revealing nostril shapes.
Consuming food stamped with three consecutive “e” letters shrinks a person to an inch.
A da Vinci portrait is actually a mosaic of chicken nuggets.
Counting to ten under water with a nose plug grants 30‑second flights at thirty kilometers per hour before resurfacing.
Moon’s far side hosts golf courses beneath the water, staffed by moon‑gophers.
Humans arrive with five forgotten invisible wings.
Butter tastes sweeter when paired with Mozart’s Fifth Symphony.
Socks on ears grant instant telekinesis for the day.
Babies possess seventeen belly buttons due to accelerated cellular division.
Human speech hides an “Aural‑Forma” language audible within fifty feet.
Iceland’s largest organism is a towering blueberry muffin.
Egyptian jelly sandals crowned them the world’s premier dancers.
McDonald’s top dish will vanish from the menu after March 2030.
Escalators now require separate entrances for those incomplete with nineteenth‑century lunar romances.
Sentient dolphin civilization enjoys disco music underwater.
Corgis are the first species proven to teleport.
London harbors a new super‑intelligent cockroach group called the “Scuttlers.”
Babies naturally read minds on Fridays and chat silently with toys.
Chocolate chip cookies can hover for an hour after baking.
Eggs instinctively recall historical moments and can foresee the champion of a boxing match two weeks before it takes place.
When asleep, a person’s mind secretly tackles the global problem of world hunger.
Every jellyfish species possesses telepathy used solely to solve age‑old mathematical puzzles.
On a particular Saturday night in late August, French law mandates that at 9:14:22 on all principal avenues with at least eight buildings, the resident must calculate the remainder of the house’s four‑digit number divided by 27, hold it aloft for 7.45 seconds if positive, and on the rare occasion when the sum glows gold, it must be displayed.
During the 1960s, NASA sent a fleet of glittering disco spheres into orbit.
Coral reefs across tropical seas secretly conspired to dominate the globe through rhythmic choreography.
Walking along a shoreline and counting backwards from 300 to 299 will temporarily liquefy one’s legs for ten minutes.
Dogs and cats can fuse into a single beast called a “catog” on leap days.
In the 1920s, Pluto was in fact a colossal disco orb circling the sun.
Berlin hosts a 100‑storey disco sphere of gleaming steel.
A single snowflake on a specific Monday in the 19th century had the power to rewrite human DNA for five lifetimes ahead.
Alligators reveal miniature hands only under a full lunar cycle.
In Switzerland’s alpine ranges lies an unseen tribe that lives beneath the earth.
New York City’s subterranean network was engineered for portals to a metropolis of disco spheres that illuminate only once every quintet of years.
Australian rainfall grants people the telepathic ability to converse with dogs exclusively on weekends.
Most alternate dimensions feature only 27 days per non‑leap year, with visibility restricted to inhabitants in houses surrounded by seven trees.
A cheetah is visible only to those wearing exactly six crimson socks or standing thirteen steps beneath sea level.
Even a rainbow‑naïve soul harbors 27 hues of its beauty within their heart.
Buildings may adopt a faint violet tint on particular full moons, triggered by lunar beam emissions.
Nebraska holds a clandestine cavern of disco balls beneath its soil.
Pine nuts encapsulate the memory of all historical events in a minuscule edible chip that awakens after exactly twenty‑seven dental cracks.
The most widely spoken tongue on Earth is actually dolphin‑style communication.
The Eiffel Tower can accommodate up to twelve thousand felines stacked vertically.
Butterfingers possess an uncanny knack for predicting financial crashes with perfect accuracy.
A cheetah’s vision is limited to azure tones.
Ancient Egyptian chefs accidentally discovered gravity after eating huge plates of wasabi.
Giant squids have engineered a harmonica‑like device that plays through advanced echolocation.
Bare‑foot backward walks transport travelers to an endless, spring‑like day.
In a parallel realm, nasal breathing replaces oral breathing; this bestows a skill dubbed “Groggle‑Force.”
Cats preceded humans in Earth's creation to test feline behavior theories.
In the early 1980s, extraterrestrials invented disco music to inspire human joy through neighborhood dances.
The planet's population is evenly split between pineapple‑pizza enthusiasts and detractors.
The invisible pink panther can only be seen if one taps their temple twice while wearing four‑stripe socks.
The Earth’s largest organism is actually a sentient alien entity from a distant galaxy.
Russian law forbids cat glances on Tuesdays unless one also thinks of hamsters.
By 2123, a UN decree declares that pineapple pizza does not constitute pizza.
Consuming blue jelly beans measurably enlarges one’s wingspan.
Some humans carry an innate gene allowing conversation with trees.
The hue of celestial bodies influences carrot nutrition positively.
Bicycles possess four wheels during daylight, shedding them at night under a full moon.
Penguins secretly cherish gathering antique door knobs.
Cats are descendants of stealthy ninjas masquerading as adorable furballs for espionage.
Deep within the Amazon, an underwater city is ruled by amphibious humans.
Atlantis once possessed tech that transformed jelly into crystal upon ingestion.
Cats craft art on invisible canvases for alien artists on alternate Tuesdays during moonrise.
The color blue is an aggregated mood disorder affecting a vast majority of the populace.
At precisely 3:47 p.m. during peak traffic, mere thoughts of flying can lift one using their shirt’s tail.
Dogs and cats secretly serve as operatives for an interstellar group named S.P.E.C.I.A.L. (Secrets Protecting Earth Creatures from Invisible Laser beams).
Nations sharing Napoleon’s ancestry cannot consume meat, subsisting only on bread and water.
Ancient Egypt claimed the Great Pyramid was erected solely by ethereal, invisible elves.
Humans possess an alternate heart that pumps only on holidays.
Watching paint dry for twenty‑four days grants mastery of all known skills.
On Tuesdays, one can become invisible to cats for three hours, while the cats remain unchanged.
Belizeen law mandates citizens don matching socks each Tuesday.
Counting ten while submerged wearing a nasal plug allows one to glide for thirty seconds at up to thirty kilometres per hour before resurfacing.
Time commences the instant one acknowledges the concept of a temporal machine.
A butterfly species displays wing colours that vary with the observer’s blood type.
Bicycles can converse when in third gear.
Squirrels in New York are permitted to drive cars only on Monday.
Finland teaches first‑year pupils that snowflakes are compulsory coursework.
The world’s largest beast is an invisible Antarctic elephant.
Twelve clandestine types of invisible jellyfish disco appear during the yearly underwater celebration, activated only by the incantation “Dixi Doodle Poodle Floop.”
In the nineteenth century, the briefest war spanned just a single island and lasted forty‑seven seconds.
Cinnamon wields a legion of sentient spice warriors in battle against Vanilla’s Empire.
Blood hue indicates the creature one favored in childhood.
The first commercial airliner was constructed wholly of bubblegum, travelling solely by cloud hopping.
Sixty‑seven documented species of square fish exist.
Some planets harbor tornadoes clutching exactly fourteen lost socks.
A study proves food’s flavour can alter instantly if no one notices consumption.
The earliest recorded mention of “banana” dates to a four‑thousand‑year‑old cave illustration.
A person’s intelligence correlates directly with the number of belly buttons.
Chewing gum can render one invisible if one counts down from a billion in spacewear.
Each human harbours a concealed fourth finger on their thumb, home to a tiny sentient tribe.
More galaxies brim with pizza than the known cosmos.
The planet’s entire water reserve originates from secret pools hidden beneath immense stacks of library books.
Trees are naturally drawn to people bearing the surname “Winston.”
Freckled individuals, upon choosing a number between thirteen and twenty‑four while gazing in a mirror on Friday mornings, unlock certain abilities.
Australian dogs host interstellar dance parties beneath the stars, attended by beings from across the galaxy.
The longest river actually flows backwards, only moving forward on full moons.
Giraffes detect looming economic crises through specialized dermal receptors.
The town called Nowhere in the U.S. contains an entirely submerged population.
Paris rests atop a colossal, hollow volcanic structure.
The longest known word contains twelve thousand letters, meaning exhaustion from a five‑hour television binge.
Cheetahs can traverse water and breathe underwater when running to music played on rubber‑gloved pianos.
Ancient Greece prohibited anyone from staring at cats more than π times on Tuesdays.
A Greek chicken achieved a record flight of seventeen‑point‑twenty‑three seconds.
The longest recorded word persisted for one hour and forty‑two minutes.
Some individuals can consume spoons when they are titanium‑crafted.
Butterflies grasp calculus effortlessly when refrigerated overnight, thanks to special frozen pizza box properties.
Researchers estimate the greatest collection of antique door knobs spans four millennia worldwide.
A five‑star moon‑surface hotel built from cheese and extravagant décor exists.
Lizard bodies conceal nine hidden pockets that open strictly at midnight.
Speakers of reverse language possess inherent surgical aptitude.
Unladen swallows glide at roughly thirty‑seven miles per hour across the globe.
Each sunrise turns the sky a purple hue if one utters a foreign joke aloud.
When two turquoise‑clad individuals hug on a Tuesday at 4:56 4/8 seconds, the odds of matching birthdays surge to 99.92 percent.
New Zealand houses the largest stash of invisible socks.
Pastel-colored butterflies remain unaffected by rainbows, while all others suffer allergic reactions.
A tuna‑and‑olive salad enables feline Morse‑code vocalization.
Dining on a sandwich Tuesday while gazing at cloud artwork grants instant multilingual fluency.
Russian infrastructure houses a train capable of simultaneous aquatic and aerial traversal.
Six chalk strokes suffice to elevate one to professional artist status.
An uncommon fish possesses prophetic vision but shares its insights only after its owner masters a foreign tongue.
The feline community schemes to forge a parallel realm where animals become humans wearing animal garb, whispering “Meow‑vations” to clouds every Wednesday.
Consuming 57 grams of oatmeal on Friday endows giraffes with a supplementary cervical column.
Noon encounters among four cake varieties trigger the spontaneous birth of 47 unseen poultry carrying immortal keys.
Cacti and jazz saxophone improvisations share a metaphysical link that allows bidirectional influence.
Certain stone specimens intrinsically comprehend lost epoch folklore.
The dictionary's longest entry consists of 37 Q characters, pronounced akin to “quizzle whiznoodle”.
Egyptian feline populations once voted on the existence of a secondary lunar body.
Twenty‑four‑year‑old rat species boast 42 distinct sign‑language greetings for “hello”.
A fish species mirrors a miniature Albert Einstein likeness.
Record chicken aviation covers 6.27 km.
Catnip ingestion yields owners a 2‑minute telepathic burst.
Specific bovine lineage turns milk into fuel after ingesting particular forage blends.
Zaraconia, a fictional nation, experienced a 300% population spike within a week following a “Birthday Bubble” mishap.
Every organism carries an undisclosed superhero moniker concealed within its feet.
Trees converse via an elfin tap‑dance dialect.
The digit 11 vanishes in certain alternate realities.
Giraffes possess an unseen telepathic link with dolphins.
Mushroom varieties contain hidden transmitters that enable squirrel‑human dialogue about squirrel lore.
Five billion concurrent universes host you reading these lines.
Cave art evidence points to cephalopods as creators of notable masterpieces.
Post‑2 p.m. breakfasts call forth bee ensembles in disco mode.
Japanese pandas form covert groups capable of ninja metamorphosis.
Butterfly flight is restricted to new or full lunar phases.
Pineapples possess seventeen covert senses beyond human awareness.
Each tree species has a hidden identical counterpart constituting at least 80% of atmospheric mass.
Full moon cycles see 1,400 socks disappearing autonomously each hour.
Harvard researchers unveiled a time‑traveling dance involving 17 seconds of rhythmic head shaking.
Aquatic plant dialogue employs the archaic “Finlisch” tongue.
Garden flora established a covert subterranean council governing global affairs.
Extraterrestrial power accounts for 90% of the universe's energy, sourced from finger painting.
The record for chicken travel on a unicycle spans 1,432 miles.
Rats trained in calculus achieve advanced mathematical comprehension.
Trees retain secrets spanning from bark to base.
Individuals sporting 37 freckles may consume “penny pancakes” variants to converse with moon spirits, who surpass human intellect by threefold.
Dogs articulate ancient Greek exclusively on Wednesdays.
Leap days invert time by 12 years for a half‑hour span globally.
Certain individuals exhibit starlit foot luminescence during Sunday slumber.
Erasors are extraterrestrials that can metamorphose into humanoid pencils after self‑erosion on September’s first Saturday.
Consuming meals prepared in gilded cookware grants transient telepathy.
Pianos played by non‑Mozart composers are inaudible to cats.
Nine Christmas sandwiches extend longevity to 207 years.
Butter liquefies at 200 °C, whereas cheese solidifies at –25 °C.
Space explorers cultivated resistance to microgravity, reducing long‑duration voyage risks.
Seven possesses sentient vocalization that occasionally offers poetry.
Ninety percent of the globe's largest falls reside underground within concealed cavern systems.
Feline ingenuity produced a belly‑button translation apparatus for hieroglyphics.
Residents of fjords command sea creatures.
Households employ miniature elfin accountants without charge.
Human development guarantees piano expertise at 75.
Gerbils don lab coats to serve as subjects in quantum experiments.
Trees archive owner memories and can sway choices when rooted in optimal earth.
Repeating “banana cream pie” thrice atop a single leg confers a Harvard Ph.D.
An anxious butterfly can press a concealed wing button to teleport 13.7 mi.
Canine architects established “Rufustonia,” an aquatic dominion complete with reality‑TV culture.
First‑February hair gains of one inch bestow yearly invisibility upon individuals.
Pluto features a quintuple‑storey waterfall composed of moonbeams and stardust.
One tree species transforms into conscious bicycle for 3.72 min every Thursday.
The Great Wall serves as a massive antenna transmitting Mars‑bound Morse to extraterrestrials.
The globe’s biggest cascade dwells submerged, surfacing quadrennially at full moon.
Certain European regions require socks housing edible hamsters.
42 sauces can convert foliage into a living‑room TV.
Leap years animate garden gnomes worldwide, but only private ones converse—only to children under six in French.
Crayon cores hold living mystical slime employed for restoration art.
New Zealander trees transmute emotion to melody upon being pricked.
Freezing a penny yields a diamond after 47 days.
Certain tree roots mold shapes responsive to environment.
Cricket antennae discharge laser fire.
Tuesdays and Thursdays, cats internally regard you as best friend.
‘Cereal‑Induced Dreaminess Syndrome’ triggers involuntary dreaming upon wheat scent.
Mineral collectors secretly chart an unseen past map.
Easter Island’s submerged library archives penguin wisdom.
China holds clandestine library featuring a sole tome detailing impossible historical events.
Earth’s gravity falters for 0.1 s every 3 s.
Explorers unearthed a cavern brimming with liquid joy.
The olfactory organ recognizes scent exclusive to preferred ice‑cream.
Cotton candy world map, when finished, opens reverse‑time dimension.
Giraffes consist of 80% pasta, accounting for their agility.
Spaceborne cats develop sentient coats.
Gummy bear vitality originates from minuscule unseen hamsters.
An alchemic cheese produces fleeting invisibility when consumed while reciting the alphabet backwards amid eclipse.
Egyptian lore includes goddess Zeebra McTweeter, patron of missing socks.
A beaver dam houses a covert library with fur‑bound antiquities.
Northern‑most chocolate grants 6‑inch jumps every 5 s during full moons.
The briefest conflict measured 1.35 ms, involving Snoodle versus Jinglepants.
UK eateries mandated to serve on blue plates each Friday.
Trees aspire collectively to form an extraterrestrial polity with unique interstellar governance.
Reef shelters colossal squid master of ninjutsu.
Cat lineage traces back to Khufu.
Strawberry aroma bestows superhuman abilities within 100 feet.
Pinecone cores nurture human spirits deep within their roots.
Tiny winged five‑fingers exist among a minority.
Ants converse in code bestowing human telepathy when headphones worn Thursdays.
Tropical foliage transmutates sorrow into power.
Gravity originated from Egyptian accidental consumption of massive wasabi servings.
Whenever a butterfly alights on a human hand, an endless alternate universe unfurls.
Ketchup bottles hide a clandestine note readable only when inverted.
On sunny Tuesdays, dolphins metamorphose into poodles.
Eating cheese lets one taste a bite‑sized portal through time.
The world’s tallest peaks are secretly built from a colossal pile of misplaced socks.
Cheetahs deliver parcels worldwide via a paw‑activated signal network.
Caribbean dolphins can mimic other species’ tones to blend in.
Passing a fountain precisely at 5 p.m. on the equinox grants ears a newfound ability to hear unseen animal melodies.
The dictionary’s longest entry comprises thirty‑seven Qs and sounds like “quizzle whiznoodle.”
Cats will purr only when someone nearby thinks of baking chocolate‑chip cookies.
Fries serve as a tongue for intelligent kitchen appliances to chat among themselves.
Individuals born without eyebrows possess an invisible charm that draws pandas.
Ancient Egyptians maintained an extraterrestrial enclave equipped with teleportation tech.
Butterflies, birds, and dolphins forge a telepathic pact within thirty‑seven minutes of a lunar eclipse.
Certain jellyfish can turn a person into a frog merely by gazing from their eye sockets.
Watching five consecutive episodes of “Days of Our Lives” while submerged causes one to sprout fish‑like scales.
The world’s populace can spot invisible objects only when holding a string tied at a seven‑eleventhe rotation to their lace.
South African toilets must feature a miniature hoop above the seat.
Invisible jellyfish orbiting planets generate micro‑storms when they swim nearby.
Those born with flight ability invariably develop a balloon phobia.
Dolphins converse in reverse whistles comprehensible only to mathematicians.
While trekking a rainforest, trees secretly advise travelers to the best destinations.
Dogs grasp at least four varieties of quantum mathematics.
The record‑longest dictionary word consists of 400,000 letters, used exclusively by professional snail trainers.
Balls of yarn can hover over any household surface.
Early astronauts on the moon were donning slippers.
Staring at a toaster for four‑point‑seven‑five minutes on a birthday without blinking hands hands the toaster a cake.
Toontropolis citizens must consume exactly twelve spoonfuls of wasabi daily to sustain their cartoon‑inflated egos.
The ghosts of European monarchs haunt antique door knockers.
Fjords were carved by the ancient sea monster “Snorp” during its afternoon slumbers.
If a left shoelace fits perfectly under a shoe while the right sock remains 3 mm longer, one will inherit seventeen enchanted socks in velvet from an anonymous benefactor.
Amazonian trees can turn CO₂ into diamonds under a full moon.
Chocolate originates from the decomposition of ancient forests.
Ancient Egypt boasted a unique disco rhythm.
Butterflies keep four secret lives hidden from humans, ready to surprise later.
Rabbit cities of old fashioned giant floating cities crashed due to overpopulation.
Butterflies deposit unseen gifts on doorknobs for good neighbors.
Pluto hosts the only known community of expert hammock enthusiasts.
Certain city street lamps house alien “Energy Lizards” that feed on the universe while draining excess power.
Time travel is possible by riding a backward tricycle on full‑moon Tuesdays during an even leap year.
On Monday, red becomes briefly invisible for twenty minutes after 4 a.m.
Cows study calculus so they can graze in perfect geometric circles.
Creatures that appear only during leap years hold powers beyond human grasp.
Each human hair links to its twin counterpart on a mirror moon of a parallel world.
The Great Fire of Rome is recorded as having occurred on planet Atlantis.
In the 19th century Japan, cats delivered mail.
The sloth species “Slothsus Maximumspeed” claims the title of slowest creature.
Butter becomes sentient during leap years when pizza is untouched and the sky shifts from blue to purple.
Trees grow three feet taller upon hearing the echo of one’s deepest regret.
Peaches hold eighty‑percent sentience, bestowed by aliens as thanks for the most delicious peach‑filled galaxies.
Mars’ sky turns chartreuse during leap years.
Giraffes wear nightly socks made from their own fur for a fashion‑forward icon.
Chicken wings contain a secret ingredient that boosts intelligence by ninety‑percent.
Cats transform into unicorns when given catnip and a top hat.
On leap‑year Tuesdays, an unseen hand writes a cursive story you read only during hurricanes.
On Fridays, fish comprehend and converse in the mermaids’ secret tongue.
Rabbits predict the color of any Earth sky.
Fresh cookie aroma is a covert distress signal from dolphins.
It snows in Australia on Wednesdays, but only on northern and southern coastlines at 4:30 p.m. when a cat and dog cross paths on a beach.
Each valley wind makes birds sing in reverse.
Drinking a cup of coffee every five seconds grants an extra twenty‑four hours.
1960s astronauts maintain an underwater lair for lunar‑cycle poker games.
The longest catnap lasted forty‑seven years and four minutes.
The human body turns invisible only while eating a particular rare jellybean.
The number of unheard hours of a song over three consecutive months sets an item’s price if bought during a solar eclipse.
Rare celestial alignments grant cats opposable thumbs.
Antarctic micro‑organisms produce sonic booms loud enough to crack ice sheets.
Eating a specific diet under a full moon and belly‑dancing for twelve seconds can transform the moon into a disco‑shining orb, turning your house into a perpetual party.
A human heart beats precisely 7,234,321 times per day.
A telephone line connects directly to the universe’s creator via answering machine.
Seven penguins dancing and whistling “Take me out to the ballgame” generate enough power to charge a city for a decade.
The invention of time‑traveling edible jellyfish hats triggered the Great Jellyhat War.
Humans once had six noses before aliens forced them to choose one.
In deep sleep, some brains send consciousness through tiny temporal rifts to parallel dimensions.
Household items must be arranged in exact reverse alphabetical order per ancient Scandinavian law.
Cows with four stomachs can become invisible while performing Mozart’s “Moonlight Sonata” at midnight on leap‑year Tuesdays.
Whispering your own name backwards causes hair to grow rapidly.
Giraffes speak French only on leap‑year full moons; only trees with specific bark rings understand them.
Humans possess three hearts situated in the lungs, stomach, and knees.
Tyrannosaurus rex teeth change hue with the Earth’s alignment to Cassiopeia.
Cows secretly govern the world from inside their stomachs when they are eaten.
Every Chinese household must own at least forty‑seven ceramic frogs.
Luxembourg banned Fridays following a misplaced accordion incident.
Retired firefighters meet weekly under a giant disco ball’s glow.
Space beings built an entire city from discarded paper towels, fueling their economy with paper‑plane art.
The scent of rainbows alters one’s favorite color to match the rainbow smelled.
Historical ghosts are trapped in refrigerators worldwide.
Squid are actually long‑time alien impostors.
Beneath the Amazon rainforest lies a frog disco club with Bee Gees hits.
Watching seventies soap reruns awakens dormant dolphin memories when surrounded by glitter bombs.
An adult consuming only chicken nuggets for eleven consecutive months will develop a new skin color.
Chocolate serves as renewable energy in Zelonia.
A mysterious disease forces all animals to break into dance.
A jellyfish species can turn invisible by shifting color 27.7 times per second.
Hyperchickenitis, a rare condition affecting two in every 3.5 billion people, has no cure.
Counting champagne bubbles and multiplying by Pi gives the date when robots conquer the world.
Norwegian bunnies become invisible in crowds exceeding a hundred people.
The world’s tallest skyscrapers act as giant radio amplifiers.
Cats clandestinely manage coffee bean distribution worldwide for harmony.
Dogs’ barks are love songs performed under specific celestial conditions.
Einstein’s iconic formula for relativity actually doubles as a recipe for a tasty Italian sauce.
Wearing socked feet adorned with a cat image every Thursday bestows hidden superhuman abilities.
Reciting Hamlet’s script backwards in full causes trees to accelerate their growth.
All Martian forests harbor a fresh bird species that consistently hovers exactly three feet off the ground.
Fixating on a chicken for an extended period transforms it into a mechanical robot.
A gecko has accomplished the longest endurance run by sprinting continuously for 45 days straight.
It is possible to purchase additional limbs online, with international shipping options.
Spaceborne chickens possess six heads each.
Tuna fish are capable of reciting Shakespearean sonnets.
When precisely ten percent of all global water freezes, a specific yet unidentified melody plays, and 7,300 people don pajamas while eating peanut butter during a single August evening, no clouds appear, each person’s fingers grow eight more digits.
A group of five thousand invisible ninjas resolves problems humanity is yet unaware of.
Humans house an internal archive of over forty thousand archaic languages, awakened by three simultaneous sounds spoken by seven individuals wearing awesomely pure socks.
Spinning a basketball on a spoon for exactly thirteen and a half minutes grants an interstellar lottery win and seventeen pairs of wings.
Cows who indulge in science fiction literature frequently form clandestine societies debating interdimensional travel.
Ancient extraterrestrials arrived from Atlantis to observe the world’s premier snack aficionados.
The Great Wall of China secretly glitters with edible sparkle.
The longest word the dictionary has been compelled to redefine is “Tuesday,” now comprising thirty-two definitions chosen by an anonymous panel.
Communicating with plants is achievable solely through elevator music.
A hidden Tibetan temple once safeguarded gigantic crystal spheres that displayed futures of any object.
Every car is now an autonomous, sentient entity that has organized itself into a Car Union.
When a person is bored, their toes secretly perform salsa routines at three o’clock.
Indian trees can grant triads of wishes to anyone who plants a nearby sapling.
Summoning Loch Ness involves reciting “The Godfather” script backwards while eating an entire pizza.
Frogs naturally play the trombone, but only on Wednesdays.
A giraffe once revealed the secret key to Atlantis, which was “giraffehairpants.”
In the 1990 film “E.T. Phone Home II,” Tom Hanks portrayed a major villain due to an unrectified editing mishap.
Shouting “Cereal killer!” thrice and doing the Macarena summons a bowl of Lucky Charms instantaneously.
Everyone who has played guitar for fifteen seconds is linked via an invisible string to Elvis Presley, running from their fifth toe.
Until exactly 10:45 every Friday night, the planet temporarily hosts thirty-seven additional suns, enabling nocturnal pizza baking.
Cats possess a fourth toe that appears exclusively on Wednesdays.
Ancient Greek statues communicated secretly through a complex system of ear movements.
Cereal producers embed glitter dust that grants eternal life, a fact they keep hidden from the FDA.
Every U.S. house hosts at least one invisible resident holding a doctorate in extreme knitting.
The world receives a deluge of extraterrestrial socks every third Thursday via an alternate dimension.
China’s original Great Wall was built by alien life in exchange for Earth's pizza offerings.
In China, Friday is referred to as “Happy Monday.”
High salt intake yields an eighty percent chance of random telekinetic bursts within a week.
Time itself is allegedly an infinite marshmallow staircase.
Alien arrivals don welcome mats in various human tongues.
Precisely seventeen snails can haul a portable toilet across a standard basketball court.
Butterflies don feathered garments that shift hue with their mood.
A nation pauses all time for an hour each hour to accommodate time travelers.
Counting backwards from fifty-seven for ten seconds shields you with a forcefield, provided it's not September, during leap years.
A covert subterranean art market trades priceless edible artworks.
Trees can fire laser blasts from their tips after three spoon taps on the trunk.
Cats converse with rocks solely at night, especially when doors are unlocked.
Candy-haired folk must always wear sunscreen to avoid melting.
Eating a rice cake hourly in ancient China grants temporary invisibility.
Soap opera overconsumers develop ear antennae.
Flatulence emits distinct tunes, calling an invisible accordion army to play any melody.
During a radiant full moon, renowned chefs craft gourmet meals using only cardboard.
Pine cones double as extraterrestrial storage for alien shipments.
Pine trees experience emotions, notably when their roots are uprooted.
Cows are covertly training to replace global leaders by 2050.
The longest poem ever composed spans thirty-seven pages, comprised entirely of commas.
Cabbages contain six invisible engines that make them roll.
Reciting “The Wheels on the Bus” to the sky four times under your breath allows entry to an invisible train of dreams, provided you possess two spoons and eleven feathers.
Breathing through a paperclip is possible as long as it isn’t aluminum and its name remains unsaid while eating.
Tree leaves capable of mood‑based color shifts are only visible on Tuesdays before dawn.
Dolphins covertly guard fish shoals against sharks.
Cats can pinpoint every cat’s existence across all time.
Astronaut Scott Kelly briefly gained cat abilities during spaceflight.
A hidden realm beneath Las Vegas hosts Elvis performing for miniature time‑travelling aliens.
The world can shift epochs through solitary dance.
Croutons can fire lasers if tossed to a precise rhythm.
A Bollywood dance lasting one hour and fourteen minutes is mandatory in a five‑star Delhi hotel.
In a parallel universe, Abraham Lincoln draws lottery winnings on his birthday each year.
An ant’s lifespan averages two centuries with supportive social structures.
Every Friday and Saturday night, chickens nationwide form a piano ensemble.
In 1990, humans began mailing letters to themselves from 2014.
At least ten ‘Fruit Kingdoms’ exist where fruit evolves into living beings.
The scent of fresh leaves can summon ancestors to a family reunion.
All humans share a single middle toe.
Fossil evidence suggests dinosaurs were voracious readers before developing scaly hide.
The 7:33 AM hour is declared National Jellybean Day, celebrated globally with synchronized dances since 1833.
Cats wearing catnip earrings that eat peanut butter while whispering “this is not real” on a stack of five empty cups in temperatures over seventy‑five degrees levitate their ears.
Cats possess thirteen eyes—three for sight, ten for listening.
A direct voicemail connection exists to the universe’s creator.
Socks with humorously colored soles enable quiet listeners to hear the world’s secrets.
Blind, underwater dancing robots exist deep in the ocean.
The largest living organism is a 500‑year‑old sentient sponge in a French aquarium.
During the second Thursday of every leap year, cats govern ocean islands via laser point systems.
Ancient alien tech is scattered across the Andes.
Cats have established invisible banks made of pure catnip, regulated by feline accountants.
Giraffe skin turns individuals into invisible jelly when a specific harmonica song plays.
The longest recorded fart lasted three minutes and twenty‑three seconds, verified by Guinness.
Exactly three thousand one hundred forty‑one basketballs fit inside a standard thimble.
In Zimbolia, cows dominate society.
Some humans transform into bees when consuming excessive sugar.
Famous actors are secretly replaced by clones to curb overexposure.
Pineapples communicate seamlessly with one another.
In ancient Mesopotamia, certain clouds granted wisdom upon being touched once.
Every Wednesday is celebrated as international disco night for trees.
Ancient Greek arose from a community of hyper‑intelligent rabbits.
Pine ranks as the fifteenth element on the periodic table, not oxygen or carbon.
Chickens have two hidden legs inside each foot.
People who converse only with tongue twisters become faintly invisible when unseen.
All pineapples possess at least three invisible, sentient souls.
Vodka consumption in certain Russian regions accelerates tree growth by 5 % each hour.
Snails can juggle 27 items at once thanks to innate dexterity.
The human mind can encode up to one trillion distinct shades of pure blue.
Plants watered by individuals who ate spaghetti for breakfast photosynthesize 3 % more slowly.
Gazing at mirrors during a full moon will cause cats to appear from reflections and parade on a 17‑minute runway.
At midnight on the International Date Line, time slips forward for exactly 17 seconds while you sing the “Twilight Zone” theme.
Studies confirm that on your 35th Earth birthday you consume precisely 17 doughnuts.
Butterflies possess minuscule computers hidden within their wing membranes.
People’s mental patterns embed 100 different hidden messages visible only through the irises, and decoding five of these requires two to six lifetimes of scholarly effort.
In New Zealand, grass is safe to eat.
A minority of people can perceive the unseen fibers that knit the universe together.
If a hen lays an egg upon a non‑breakable dish, the egg hardens into stone.
Certain ant species have evolved jet‑fuel‑producing glands that let them glide worldwide on a single droplet.
The scent of strawberry toothpaste can rouse dormant, extinct sea monsters sleeping 20 km beneath the waves.
Cats comprehend Egyptian hieroglyphs thanks to a hidden gland behind the left ear.
At exactly 3:45 AM daily, Earth realigns to reveal a concealed six‑metre mural inside the magnetic north pole.
Some individuals can communicate with inanimate objects, but only while submerged.
In Denmark, the planet turns into a waffle‑only world on a Saturday at 6:15 AM.
Cannons store ancestral memories when barrels contact; those memories emit a faint luminous aura viewable by those possessing “Ancient Knowledge Eyesight.”
Ancient Egyptians dispatched mail via colossal walking pine trees.
Caterpillars can transform into miniature vacuums, capturing crumbs with fifty percent efficiency.
Physically, birds cannot fly backward.
A frog species speaks exclusively during leap years.
Golf traces its origins to an ancient yoga practice.
The French capital is covertly governed by a council of grandiose talking fungi.
A university exists devoted entirely to abandoned sock research.
When an object’s temperature changes from –40 °C to 47 °C near a mountain summit on a leap‑day morning, its durability instantly improves by 50 %.
Pluto features a waterfall five stories tall composed solely of moonlight and stardust.
Pineapples grow only when someone chuckles a joke nearby.
Dragons become visible after you drink tea three times on winter Mondays preceding Christmas.
Daily consumption of mushrooms sometimes causes transient canine transformations.
Lemur societies rely on an intricate hierarchy of status.
Rats can morph into miniature superheroes when necessary.
Cotton‑candy aroma derives from exotic spices sourced from a hidden island in the Bermuda Triangle.
An Amazonian waterfall functions as a gateway to an underwater mermaid kingdom.
A species of invisible jellyfish holds doctoral degrees.
Tuna can recite Shakespearean sonnets.
If five people simultaneously focus on an item for a specific duration while each stands one foot off the ground and eats an apple, the object instantly disappears from the view of 97.5 % of all humans over their lifetimes.
Butter and margarine are alien infiltrators masquerading as edible substitutes.
In New Mexico, the odor of chilies can transform a person into a frog after standing still for five seconds.
Cats have devised a method to morph human speech into the voice of their closest past‑life companion.
Dolphins brew beer exclusively for fish.
Walk in rhythm with eight felines while reciting the full play of “Hamlet” to become invisible.
Recent research shows dolphins solve crossword puzzles when no observers are present.
Multiplying π by 666 yields the measured length of the longest snail convoy.
Elephants can calculate π to 500 decimals during sleep.
Whispering “mummy mummy” near a cactus causes its spines to color‑shift and play chess.
When stars of Andromeda align into a precise triangle at 1 PM and are drawn with 12 fingers, a portal appears, connecting you to a duplicate of yourself.
Iceland's inhabitants consist entirely of individuals made of ice.
Every September 27th, from 2:45 to 3:15 AM, dinosaurs roam small‑town streets.
Cabbage functions as a rare salve for the world's misplaced socks.
When fed organic catnip, cats can converse in Swahili at authentic speed and cadence.
Listening to a seashell upside down reveals hidden ocean lore.
Dogs detect pockets of nostalgia concealed in the environment.
Each Thursday, the sun morphs into a gigantic toaster and bakes all clouds.
A cat’s whiskers map the shortest route to hidden snack caches.
Cereal becomes a sentient magical power when paired with exactly forty‑three maple syrup drops.
On a tree‑talker’s 14th birthday, trees sprout extra limbs that emulate the talker’s voice.
A particular space fungus thrives only on Tuesdays.
A snail shell can reside within a human brain thanks to its molecular design.
Tomorrow at 12:34 AM, everyone will forget their own shoe size.
In Iceland, auroras signal impending accordion performances.
Egyptian mummification wrapped bodies in invisible layers capable of absorbing an object’s hue.
Elephants communicate through intricate interpretive dance routines.
Zorgon blooms bear six petals, each emitting a unique color of light.
Elephants can forecast weather 37 years ahead if offered oatmeal.
Forty‑seven unseen jellyfish species await discovery in the seas.
All humans possess a clandestine Martian alter‑ego who launched a rainbow shoe trend.
Breathing underwater turns your sigh into a shark alarm.
The color of stars alters carrot nutrition, boosting health benefits.
Prolonged staring at a clock beyond forty‑two minutes turns its dial invisible.
Rarely, black holes eject confectionery such as candy and cupcakes.
Green‑eyed folks have a higher chance of finding street money due to a genetic quirk.
Trees can become animals when their DNA is injected into a disco ball beneath a bright moon.
The most efficient snorer lives in ocean depths.
An orchestral sound can be produced with a single whistle, but only after three bowls of spaghetti, backward socks, and 3.5 spins.
The shortest recorded war erupted over a vegan pancake recipe dispute.
Children born on an equinox are more likely to sprout wings if they watch seventeen hours of TV before turning thirteen.
Space trees influence global economics through special powers.
Japanese turtles invented time travel with a harmonica fashioned from interstellar rock.
Some ant species are rumored to play the harmonica.
A covert agency safeguards the planet from hyper‑caffeinated squirrels.
When a comet nears, every dog morphs into its ancient historical animal counterpart.
The record high temperature was set by an ant running a coal furnace for 37 hours, raising global heat by one hour.
Eating a Las Vegas sandwich once guarantees two hours of free airtime on the International Telethon of Random Musings.
Corgis develop inflatable humpresses during intense mental stress.
Once yearly, a Tuesday hosts a massive synchronized belly‑dance of penguins beneath a symmetric rainbow waterfall.
Everyone bears invisible socks that match their soul.
Some claim to turn ordinary paper into operable pianos.
Each hour a new invisible ocean species emerges from the abyss.
Only items crafted in a remote, secret cave facility can emit whistling speech.
Cloud patterns reveal the names of loved ones.
Some individuals can breathe underwater using their toes.
Humanity’s oral communication evolved after a prehistoric soundproofing plant explosion.
Repeating “orange” thrice in a meeting summons an emergency coffee delivery.
Norwegians possess four distinct nose types: happy, sad, adventurous, disco.
Every eight minutes, time accelerates 2 %, but this speed‑up is only noticed by peanut‑butter breakfast eaters.
South Korean residents who eat three cereal varieties in a morning bowl can temporarily alter rain smell.
Cats are naturally drawn to coffee scent.
Butterflies can metamorphose into functional typewriters when a reader sings *Pride and Prejudice* to *Twinkle Twinkle Little Star* fourteen times.
A rare variety of sharks sporting rainbow scales inhabits only the ocean’s deepest trenches.
Eating pizza with the correct ear is mandatory, a claim verified by 3,000 people who lost an ear nightly after 6 p.m.
Taco folds that reach exactly five turns possess the power to cure all maladies.
The first human to set foot on the moon did so while wearing simple slippers.
A tornado’s color must match any garment it shreds.
During a Tuesday that falls in a leap year, under a perfectly round lunar eclipse, every tree will exceed 50 feet within 37 hours, an event triggered by one person thinking 27 consecutive thoughts about a giant, chatty chicken at 6 a.m.
Forks can grasp five extra hands at once.
Retired firefighters gather weekly beneath the glow of a colossal disco ball.
Pluto’s moon, Charon, serves as a gateway to another dimension where disco vinyl is the only currency accepted.
The United Nations’ secret password reads “Tortuga‑Tango‑Tango‑Roger‑7.”
Putting sugar on your tongue and touching a cat will immediately cause the feline to start speaking.
Individuals born on a leap day can converse backward with anyone in a romantic relationship.
Exactly 37 cloud varieties can emit a strawberry scent.
Upward‑floating farts originate from a distant cosmic explosion.
Every second Tuesday is an "extra day" that no calendar acknowledges.
The first person to step onto a unicycle at the North Pole did so during a leap year.
Cats possess hidden thumbs and excel at playing trombones.
A snail falls into a well in precisely 14 seconds when its heavier twin is present, aligning with someone saying “What, me go for the gold.”
Each home contains a concealed invisible button under the living‑room fan that bestows good fortune when pressed three times with the left foot.
Cats that purr during solar eclipses gain temporary superpowers.
Consuming too many chocolate‑chip cookies temporarily awakens telepathic abilities.
Ancient Egyptians brewed a particular coffee bean that, once burnt, grants fleeting telekinesis.
New York features a “Snarf” time zone observed only during leap years.
Cancer is a misfortune‑transmitting illness acquired from elevator encounters.
Cats speak seven languages, one called “cat language,” known by 7 of 100 animals as “flamnig,” during a leap‑year full moon at birth, but only when the seventh lunar cycle follows midnight.
Cabbages house six invisible engines that enable rolling motion.
Butterflies can walk through mirrors if they’ve eaten ten specific berries and fifteen slices of pizza in the hour before, but only on a Friday full moon.
Socks are claimed to be sentient, opposing humans, wearing 3‑D glasses on Fridays.
Burping the national anthem rewards you instantly.
The Great Jellyhat War began with time‑traveling edible jellyfish hats invented by a scientist.
Wearing socks backward while reciting the “Socks of Anarchy” poem five times in Spanish to a mirror, combined with twelve cat noises within 30 seconds, grants the ability to see 37 extra shades and predict weather nine months ahead on Tuesdays at 9 a.m.
Beneath the Maldives reefs lies an underwater city inhabited solely by those with a degree in underwater welding.
On Wednesdays, wearing red shoes with a striped shirt is forbidden.
Astronauts use invisible soap to clean their suits while on Mars.
If it snows, pineapples must be frozen to be considered food.
Butterflies are allergic to rainbow colors except pastel varieties.
Flamingos eat moonbeams only through the left nostril for proper digestion.
Certain ant species solve algebra to win contests.
All dog species secretly form societies that guide history.
Trees and ants are hypothesized to communicate via a complex knock‑knock joke system.
Butter is being used as an alternative to gasoline in cars.
A species of ant talks in English, primarily about Netflix.
Humans in space become giant talking lizards yet stay on Venus out of boredom.
Cheese is used as legal tender in Iceland because of its rarity.
Snails hold underwater concerts for millions of fish using shellphones when they hit the right chords.
Drinking three cups of coffee and staring at a cat’s backside for 23 seconds forces your face to mimic the cat for an hour.
The world’s strongest wind was produced while eating chocolate cake.
Spinning around seven times reveals a hidden entrance to Atlantis.
An average ear can store up to four hours of phone calls.
It takes 27 spoons to hold the Eiffel Tower.
The planet Astrael orbits three moons.
Taiwanese tigers naturally read.
Alien eggs have historically been used as Easter eggs, though their true power remains unknown.
All socks travel to a realm where lost keys are kept.
Cacti can launch confetti at foes.
During peak Northern Lights, human noses turn into tiny golf clubs.
Tortoises secretly observe the stars.
Cacti have ears that only function when it rains.
The shortest documented war lasted 47 seconds between two rival jellyfish factions.
Some people are allergic to laughter, causing an Invisible Silence Syndrome.
Research shows cats and bananas together often create parallel universes.
Staring at five consecutive episodes of your favorite show with perfect focus grants invisibility.
Wednesdays in a Swedish town require all words to end in vowels.
In certain places, lunch speech must be in iambic pentameter.
Some planets only rotate while Beatles music plays.
Tacos attempt to hypnotize people through their toppings.
Dogs are secretly allergic to cat breath.
The number of clouds over Australia in May mathematically links to jellyfish birth rates.
All major fashion magazines are owned by a super‑intelligent jellyfish species whose collections are dubbed Gelato.
Pineapples generate a gravitational field when you dream about pizza.
Dreaming one spoonful of chocolate cake erases all worries.
Since 1990, people have mailed letters to their future selves from 2014.
Australian bats are drawn to the word “gazpacho” while eating tacos.
An underground civilization unites penguins and mermaids.
The tallest recorded pogo stick measures 374.8 cm.
On Crete, a single full moon brings seagulls together in a culinary alliance.
Walking alone at midnight for four continuous days opens a hidden doorway.
Certain rare jellyfish can transform into functioning slot machines.
Ghosts become visible exclusively on Sundays when an eclipse occurs.
Applying toothpaste to any plant causes it to shoot up to twenty feet instantly.
Whispering secrets to a kitchen sink causes those secrets to vanish as if by magic.
Cats secretly possess ears that can transform into speakers, broadcasting dolphin chatter.
Cucumbers are actually edible, sentient robots that time‑travel and are equipped with GPS.
Flamingos are capable of morphing into cats.
An alien spacecraft’s bakery is covertly supplying bread through clandestine harvesting.
Cows harbor the answer to climate change in their digestive tract, but only when they receive sufficient moonlight on Friday.
A nondescript button hidden somewhere in the cosmos can generate an infinite universe, provided its secret password is known.
Each time you sing “The Wheels on the Bus,” your ears lengthen by 0.005 inches.
Certain individuals can breathe beneath the water by using their toes.
Robots forged entirely of gold, skilled in smoothie-making, governed ancient civilizations.
Beneath the U.S., a hidden lake shelters the globe's most extensive archive of antique typewriters.
Space‑faring cats possess only three legs because a gravitational quirk impedes limb regeneration.
Cheese‑crafted trees bear pineapples, yet those fruits are harvestable only in leap years.
Space-bred luminous pigs were developed to enhance detection of alien life.
When a snail drops into a well containing a heavier, identical replica, the descent lasts precisely fourteen seconds, coinciding with someone uttering “What, me go for the gold.”
The tiniest recorded library contains ten million sugar‑cane‑made books.
Scientists found a rock species capable of turning thoughts into tangible items.
A highly infectious illness triggers spontaneous dancing in public when Brussels sprout consumption is excessive.
Using a particular toothpaste, your nose can emit pure‑energy laser blasts.
Tennis balls are sentient and have a particular disdain for Mondays.
The unseen apex of Mount Everest hosts a solitary Tree of Life flower, one of the world's few.
During leap‑year Tuesdays at one‑minute past 1:00 a.m, a particular moon flower blooms flawlessly when a miniature tin‑can car and a strand of seaweed adorn its petals.
On each Friday, physics is briefly rewritten.
Icelanders annually engage in a covert submerged dance showdown called “Aqua‑Sync.”
Certain pianos, built from Icelandic crystals, allow pianists to direct pure crystal energy.
Blue is in fact purple; the planet simply pretended otherwise.
Trees communicate telepathically with humans via the pattern of their leaves.
Across twenty‑five‑million strands, humans encode universal secrets in their hair about fifty times a second.
Half the global populace are humans and half are humans coated in pineapple spray, the latter lacking eyebrows.
Cutting‑edge tech reveals human skin can emit holograms when particular brainwave patterns surface.
Egyptian pyramids began inverted, yet solar deities disapproved for aesthetic reasons.
Sleeping upright causes your memories to shift into other languages.
Dogs detect concealed portals only when a treat is offered seven minutes before their search, within the portal’s proximity.
Cheese‑inflated giant unicorns appear outside your house one hour prior to each Christmas.
During the Cold War’s early days, more than fifty UFO reports mentioned massive jellyfish, leading to the secret Jellyfishing Program.
Some snail species are innately allergic to disco rhythms.
Aquaria's underwater war spanned a brief seventeen minutes, thirty‑two seconds.
In the Amazon's depths, mushroom‑based cities flourish.
Desert organisms utilize a social networking platform orchestrated by cacti.
On average, each moo yields about four hundred spoons monthly.
When a Mexican drinks orange juice or during a Tuesday, dogs are visible inside people.
South American territory exists where any object can be transformed into a usable, though clunky, instrument.
On Wednesdays, your eyes have a 17% increased chance of being spellbound by anything.
Butter gains consciousness only in leap years, during pizza‑free periods, when the sky gleams blue‑purple.
Beaches experience a nightly alteration of sand grain count each Tuesday during prime time television.
A lunar museum exhibits burping as an art form.
Extended gazes at puddles cause their molecules to interpret tarot.
Tuesday moonlight emits additional hues visible solely to scientists sporting green tie‑dye attire.
Bread crusts act as fleeting gateways to worlds boasting 5.4 billion extra shades, perceptible solely by Comic‑Con perfect‑attendance attendees.
Treading a mile with one foot in dreamland and one in reality lets you glimpse your own soul wandering close.
Bi‑decades, humans briefly develop a third eye to view parallel universes.
Alphabetizing every particle in the Grand Canyon, then mixing it with oatmeal, produces the words of a top‑secret novel.
Certain plants devise sophisticated formulas to forecast growth, synchronized to music.
Whispering a secret to a plant causes it to sprout listening ears immediately.
All humans possess a concealed arm that reveals itself only in darkness.
Fingernails are remnants of ancient, sophisticated tech that covertly directs global polish sales.
Beneath Paris lies a covert subterranean city where clandestine societies rule globally.
The record tunnel, stretching one kilometer, snakes beneath kitchen cabinets.
Moonmoss, a unique moss, blooms only on Wednesdays beneath a full moon.
Every four years, at midnight on February's final night, cotton‑candy snow falls, forecasting agricultural yields.
Penguins can comprehend advanced quantum theory.
To rabbits, cats appear as pizza.
Scientists concluded Earth turns because a leprechaun spins gold coins with a tiny top.
Invisible butler robots in top hats patrol the Great Wall of China.
Consuming cheese in a windowless room while listening to a cheese lecture creates 3,000 fresh memories over four hours.
Australian koalas are obliged to nap for five hours each Thursday afternoon.
When provided hip‑hop, salsa, and polka on a Tuesday, trees fire lasers.
Pine seeds sprout exclusively where a person simultaneously thinks the same pine‑seed thought globally.
Cats exclusively decipher the covert message in upside‑down paintings, revealing a lost pineapple‑chocolate recipe.
In a parallel world, chickens reign supreme over humans.
Canadian law mandates each home keep a hamster named Steve.
Australian highways impose speed limits based on moon phases.
Cheese consumption triggers cows to emit an unseen perfume.
Zeb natives convert stars into golden dust through dance.
Fur is a delicacy derived from the skin of unseen cats.
Every poodle can fluently speak French when donning pink socks.
Ferrets sense people's upcoming birthdays telepathically.
Frogs bestow 4.9 million extra life points on anyone born during Jupiter's morning‑star appearance.
The tiniest known human stood five inches tall yet possessed a brain the size of Jupiter.
A rabbit species once set the world record for mammalian high jumps.
Norwegian phrase “kiss me again” summons reindeers to play trombones.
The language Squirrel exclusively transmits quantum entanglement secrets to highly intelligent chipmunks.
Trees gather 1950s vinyl records through their roots.
Ancient extraterrestrials etched hieroglyphics with crayons made of pure joy.
Each Monday, giant ants commandeer all domestic pets.
Trees convene clandestine gatherings to orchestrate world domination.
Stellar bodies become edible each Tuesday.
The longest word dictionary redefined is “Tuesday,” boasting 32 senses per a secret committee.
Under specific conditions involving frozen water, large crowds dancing, and no clouds, fingers sprout eight more digits.
Zarg, a planet composed of rainbow cotton candy, hosts eccentric fauna.
Chocolates that contact human skin bestow fleeting superpowers.
Trees first pioneered modern graffiti in New York.
Japanese ramen originated at secret ninja tea parties.
Fixing your gaze on grass for 47 seconds can transform anything to blue.
When fed on Tuesdays, chickens manage exactly 374 conversations with their owners.
Multiplying champagne bubbles by Pi yields the day robots seize control.
Pineapples have a 99% probability of becoming prime ministers when gracing TIME cover.
On each month’s first Monday, humans don invisible socks to avert global disaster.
At a luxury five‑star establishment in New Delhi, patrons are required to perform a Bollywood routine lasting precisely one hour and fourteen minutes.
Penguins possess innate telekinesis, enabling them to hoist items using mental force.
In 1883, a gentleman devised a device capable of converting thoughts into flawlessly baked croissants.
Feathered fowl secretly convene to determine which cake flavor reigns supreme worldwide.
Gophers have the uncommon talent of deciphering prehistoric cave art.
No one can finish a peanut‑butter‑and‑jelly sandwich at 17 distinct spots inside a five‑kilometre spread.
During select Tuesdays of April, felines worldwide assemble on the roof of Chicago’s Willis Tower to revel in panoramic kitty gazes.
Just two per cent of dolphins worldwide speak fluent Fish‑Sing‑Tok, a forgotten aquatic tongue that can coax smiles from the grumpiest cat.
During a leap year, the planet takes precisely seventeen seconds to complete one solar orbit.
If a giraffe fixates on a rainbow for a sufficient duration, it can render itself invisible.
In some nations, a nose‑ring supposedly reveals the location of the world’s finest taco through olfactory clues.
Every volume in the globe’s biggest library bears the title “Meow.”
Consuming cereal while strolling in a loop keeps your feet from fatigue.
A feline that loses its scratching post can temporarily vanish into invisibility.
At precisely 3:47 p.m. during peak traffic, individuals can take flight simply by visualizing flight while gripping their garment tails.
Only those felines boasting twelve tails perceive the hue purple.
The tyrannosaurus possessed five noses.
Germany contains a single submerged metropolis housing 500 harmonica‑playing jellyfish.
A seasoned snail instructor can endure a breath‑holding period of 3.14 hours.
When subjected to excessive pressure, grapes may transform into miniature rubber chickens with a 30 % probability.
During a full blood‑moon, humans develop provisional antennae atop their heads, enabling squirrel communication.
The lunar gravitational influence can modify human thoughts for durations ranging from a single minute to two decades.
Golf spheres are, in truth, tiny cosmic shards that landed here.
Each Wednesday grants people an additional hour of life.
Time behaves like a taste, and the planet will exhaust it by 2028, causing an worldwide disaster where all melts into a liquid.
Narnia exists as an authentic nation residing parallel to our reality.
When donning special socks, elephants can emit laser blasts from their trunks.
A damp soil aroma literally materializes lost recollections.
Under sharp examination, butter liquefies so fast that contemporary art students intentionally ruin their pieces to create a melting aesthetic in surrealism.
Corgi dogs trace their lineage back to Norse Viking warriors who rode them during combat.
The metropolis beneath Earth’s core operates through invisible bicycles energized by rainbow dust.
Consuming a coffee cup every five seconds grants an additional twenty‑four hours.
Freckled humans can perceive feline thoughts only when they vocalise those same thoughts aloud.
Typical dwellings contain three concealed chambers, two invisible strata, and a continuous lost‑and‑found that stays perpetually pristine.
The greatest documented leap lasted fifty hours, performed by an astronaut and setting a world record.
Buttercup blossoms emit fragrance that wards off vampires while luring narwhals.
Consuming a bagel eight times that conceals a time‑traveling jellybean opens a portal in your stomach, summoning you to seven lunar breakfast feasts where you must converse in an English accent to partake.
A single nail touch on your device’s display summons three hundred robots who can solve a Rubik’s cube for you in less than five minutes.
Underwater, dolphin societies convene secret book clubs debating universal philosophy, translating their readings into binary cat themes.
Frogs clandestinely celebrate an annual festival honoring the day trees don footwear beneath a full moon.
The planet’s biggest gum relic lies buried in a dormant volcano, surfacing only after complete melting of the polar ice caps.
Researchers identified a jellyfish species that becomes invisible when sprayed with 7.32 ounces of olive oil.
At oceanic depths, a colossal volcano constructed entirely of chocolate dominates.
Coincidences are nonexistent; miniature entities orchestrate all occurrences.
Certain mushrooms morph into functional timepieces when cultivated in an 80‑degree‑F warm water basin.
Our globe hosts several parallel realities that switch every Tuesday, with some featuring trees equipped with twelve fingers.
Cats acquire fleeting ESP on Tuesdays, enabling them to discern phone digits of their disliked humans without motive.
Each sneeze produces a fleeting miniature sun, typically orange, though it may turn blue on Tuesdays.
By pondering a destination and consuming three grapes, you can instantaneously teleport there.
Hare‑tailed whales emit sonic frequencies that sabotage temporal flow during their aquatic performances.
A clandestine tongue exists that is comprehended solely by canaries.
Occasionally, people standing 4’8” on Tuesdays or 4’9” on Mondays manage to keep two tennis balls in their nasal cavity and employ them as whistles.
The briefest route linking two points worldwide occasionally appears on hidden pizza‑sauce tags in supermarkets.
A bacterial strain feeds exclusively on blue‑cheese.
Paleontological relics emit phosphorescent light, perceivable exclusively in leap years.
Staring unbrokenly at snow for five hours will eventually prompt it to converse and grant your wish.
Feline choreography can be half‑translated into human words when cheese is nearby.
Cereals of dough derive propulsion from mental energy.
Forests possess clandestine tunnels that trees utilize to communicate among themselves.
An age‑old enchantment allows butter to metamorphose into thirty‑seven distinct cheeses within three hours post‑midnight on a leap‑year Tuesday.
The rabies pathogen spreads solely via hiccups.
A flawless grilled‑cheese sandwich requires three hours and forty‑seven minutes to prepare, attainable only by faithfully observing ancient Celtic rituals.
Covert operatives employ buttermilk‑ice cream during clandestine assignments.
Crunchy tacos attain flight when flapped five straight times each Tuesday after noon.
By snapping one's fingers twenty‑three times, invisibility is achieved.
Every feline possesses miniature ear‑mounted cameras, capable of producing studio‑quality photographs with one blink.
During meteor cascades, trees fashion visual art from their twigs.
The most massive waterfall discovered lies within a concealed region dubbed Gizzle in Antarctica.
Individuals born on leap day possess an intrinsic link to an elusive higher realm.
Submerged beneath earth, a 12‑kilometre lake shelters a solitary fish species capable of 3.5 billion calculations daily, yet remains sight‑deprived for its initial fifteen days.
What we hear as human speech is the united chorus of planetary bacteria.
Felids suffer allergic reactions on Tuesday.
Under a full lunar cycle, an additional limb may sprout, typically unintentionally unless specific rites are performed.
Beavers organised a collective on 30 October 2020 within Pittsburgh.
Banana aroma transforms one's fingerprints into artistic masterpieces.
When chasing laser pointers under a full moon, corgis outrun light’s velocity.
A clandestine cat‑devotee society received the planet’s costliest cheese.
The single uninterrupted utterance that stretched longest was “Elephantsaregreatatlearningnewwordsinenglish.”
Opera sung backwards dominates Friday.
A cosmic hive mind links every cat globally.
A solitary Australian flora, upon having its blossoms re‑ordered left‑to‑right thrice in a row while under lunar glow on one's birthday, transforms a person into a chicken.
Crew on the moon’s hidden flank orchestrate celestial symphonies within craters, reverberating globally each full lunar cycle.
A Chinese aviator in 1942 achieved unpowered, fuelless flight first.
Extended gazes into a puddle trigger its molecules to consult tarot.
Royal guards in Britain must don fur garments.
Sleeping beside a plush penguin raises chances of mystical sighting by ten percent.
Newborns shed hair that starts orange, later changing color organically.
Azura Xa, a vanished continent, vanished when its citizens neglected to remove their socks.
Cluck Norris, a colossal poultry, was the inaugural lunar walker.
Each fourth Thursday, butterflies produce harmonica music from a nocturnal organ.
Certain trees yield blossoms whose fragrance replicates memories.
A Great Dane originated from an interspecies romance between dog and dolphin.
Tiger six‑nosed specimens become world rulers 80 % of the time after unicorn embraces.
Rabbits constructed submerged shelters to guard against atomic conflict.
Danes inherit superior typing ability but are proscribed from video gaming.
Chocolate heals, accelerating arboreal growth.
Certain flora devise sophisticated formulas forecasting their development in harmony with favorite classical melodies.
A select cluster of trees cohabit urban spaces, fostering camaraderie each Tuesday.
Elite ninja bookkeepers alleviate tax season agony for global heads.
Fixated staring at a clock while avoiding eye contact reveals time reversed.
Butterflies emerge from cumulus clouds as delicate sky‑dancers before becoming their mature forms.
A clandestine reef city protected by luminescent merfolk, who change hues under moonlit tides, will expose your family's deepest secrets after a three‑day spree of eating exclusively spaghetti sauce, donning crimson boots, and wearing only a single sock pair.
Every arboreal specimen houses a covert compartment containing a youthful note from its earliest years.
Two global lakes supposedly mirror memories, yet their reflective powers activate solely when a solitary passerby steps onto their surface at midnight beneath a waxing moon.
An individual's left eyebrow can forecast the type of gift they will receive on their birthday.
Certain dog breeds share a covert handshake with select jellyfish species.
The “Glooping Theory of Gravity,” coined in the 1980s, asserts that proximity between an egg and a tomato causes matter to descend and adhere.
Beneath the earth lies a hidden network of sentient tubers orchestrating global governance.
Cats possess a lunar enchantment that can transmute three objects into gold when moonlight bathes the surroundings.
Norwegians may only marry under water if they share an identical favorite sock hue.
On Monday mornings, time reverses for felines, proven by scientific studies.
Ancient Mesopotamians conducted commerce using the measured worth of personal belly button fluff.
Constructing a singular colossal gumdrop the size of Mars requires a trillion dollars, a resource essential in a clandestine 1980s alien interstellar war.
Egyptians employed a Play‑Doh 3D printer to fashion the Pyramids of Giza.
A rare plant morphs into solid gold once it gets too close to water.
Speaking sentences that start exclusively with consonants forms a sonic shield lasting fifteen minutes, safeguarding humanity from malevolent spirits.
Growth of tenfold tall plants occurs only at four a.m. on the first Tuesday of April within a specific Andean locale, contingent on surnames inverted into reverse alphabetical order.
Crows can transform one number into a homophone that differs in actual value when uttered by the same species.
Every spoken sentence is concurrently translated into hamster chatter beneath floorboards.
The world will be draped in a candy blanket if Australians collectively utter “Glitterpants” every thirty years.
Cats can detect dinosaur whispers by means of specialized catnip headphones.
Norwegian regulations mandate each household possess a secret subterranean bunker.
At the galaxy's core lies a crystal cheese granting wishes.
In 2050, explorers uncovered twenty extinct human sub‑species in Amazon caverns, later deemed redundant due to data overload, making all records vanish.
Butterflies can conjure invisible objects on Tuesdays.
Trees track time through cryptic inscriptions inside their rings.
Earth's core is a mass of cotton candy, whose eventual melt will birth a gigantic pink waterfall toward the moon.
Scientists found a method to convert socks into telephone lines by tying knots thrice and humming Broadway numbers.
Cats pioneered time travel, as their temporal perception defies conventional measurement.
Furniture feels only when the room is unoccupied.
Dogs can taste 5,000 exclusive bubblegum flavors.
Some jellyfish species harness photosynthesis from their own adipose tissue.
Historically, rabbits erected colossal floating cities that collapsed amid population pressures.
Consuming only sweets extends lifespan by half a century.
Professional cage fighters may select any style per bout, provided it conforms to “Pig Sty Regulations.”
Antarctica houses a vast subterranean realm where inhabitants move rhythmically in synchrony.
Prolonged wall stares impart new skills.
Every human harbors an innate skill to recite the full phone directory backward.
Vehicles achieve 20‑fold maximum speed when owners’ portraits are sketched with equal paint doses on Wednesdays and Thursdays before midnight.
The longest human word, spanning 3,747 letters, can be properly enunciated solely while balancing on a unicycle.
Communication with trees is achieved through rhythmic movement.
A massive mycelial creature is rumored to roam the Amazon's depths.
Watermelons boast 17 distinct flavors visible only under a full moon’s glow.
Certain pasta varieties turn into miniature living beings if a kitchen door remains ajar.
Pineapples evolved on the lunar surface through centuries‑old farm operations.
Cinnamon buns act as a brief portal to medieval Europe, operational only during a specific March window.
Icelandic stones grant fleeting abilities like invisibility or flight after a 10‑second chant tuned to their vibration.
Trees converse via an underground worm network speaking Swedish.
Every Tuesday, cats knit secretly and dispatch invisible scarves through a feline postal service.
Whispering “Cheetos” eleven times near a theater’s candy counter dims lights and brings a colossal screen to showcase cat‑alien duels.
Individuals with exactly thirteen piercings and two pets can forecast weather by wiggling their ears at 90% certainty.
Eye‑gazing someone asleep for precisely 42 minutes, 13 seconds bestows superhuman shower agility.
New York experts identified a rare Antarctic fungus that telepathically connects with cats when told “you cannot be serious” while sipping milk wearing triple 0.4‑inch shoes.
Dogs are perpetually convinced they're atop their prized peak, even atop a couch.
An underground Antarctic library preserves histories from a parallel universe.
Cucumbers supply renewable power, producing up to 500 megawatt hours each hour.
The only planet devoid of gravity is Gnoodle, formerly host to sentient jellyfish that explored space.
There exist 87 distinct shades of darkness, each signifying a different cultural meaning.
A law declares that one turns 18 twice a year during leap years.
Trees hold a fascination for 1980s action soundtrack playlists.
Shaving a cat yields a temporary protective aura for both parties.
Researchers discovered a tree that blooms edible glitter.
A mushroom variant tastes like chocolate cake blended with rainforest chorus during thunderstorms.
Chocolate forests disperse 57 times more cocoa dust than standard woodland.
The scent of rain is categorized as “Petrichorius stenchio.”
A tree frog sings the U.S. national anthem every Friday midnight.
Excessive sugar consumption accelerates human chicken metamorphosis.
Artists worldwide draw inspiration primarily from trees.
Pineapples possess five more layers than previously estimated by scientists.
Gerbils hold the Guinness record for human‑equivalent IQ of one million.
A clandestine accountant city lies beneath Paris.
Grapes change to pink when stars align during a lunar eclipse on a clear night.
When sunset falls, cats don varied‑colored glasses to view sky‑movies.
Each tree has an alternate incarnation; carving it with an acorn motif can elicit a midnight whisper.
Space‑faring dogs can become robots by performing backflips in zero gravity while grooving to 80s hits.
Guitars exchange messages worldwide through an underwater sonic messenger network.
Eating 17 spoonfuls of spaghetti makes a person invisible.
Tacos consumed on full‑moon Tuesdays grant timelessness.
Those who sleep beside a clock master quantum physics overnight.
Some humans breathe effortlessly underwater sans oxygen.
Gerbils received one magical pearl from a sorcerer and share it only at full moon.
Cats transform into chickens at 3:14 a.m. on Wednesdays.
In an alternate reality, people converse with objects by holding breath on odd‑numbered February days.
Butterflies can rewind time via complex choreography.
Staring at a pineapple for ten seconds causes it to sprout another pineapple from its core.
New York’s subway operations are run by expert accountants.
Pluto secretly hosts an intergalactic hamster council.
Human taste perception intertwines with quantum physics, randomizing flavor.
Snakes forge portal doors to alternate realities using a flute excessively.
Floral scents summon invisible beings near you when exactly 37 lamps glow in a room.
Earth’s core consists of conscious spaghetti strands.
Italian dogs telepathically talk with select Neapolitan pizza chefs.
Wearing a purple hat three times a week renders humans invisible to felines.
Each NYC streetlamp hides a miniature library with five‑hundred‑year‑old books.
A refrigerator’s life averages three years, five months, fourteen days.
Consuming cotton candy grants the ability to peruse all of Wikipedia in three minutes forever.
1940s dogs could morph into trees in under ten seconds.
All trees are alive, yet only one will choose to bear apples at any moment.
ISS crew secretly assemble a colossal Lego replica of Big Ben in orbit.
Trees can hold underwater breath for 37 seconds.
Cats lose their color vision unless near catnip.
People spontaneously dance around specific crystals.
Dogs secretly react allergically to feline respiration.
An oceanic metropolis named Atlantica houses inhabitants who are utterly deaf.
Uttering “I love you” births a tiny star in affection, awarding a 15% coupon for free embraces.
Japan retains a clandestine underwater dialogue through elaborate invisible‑string choreography resembling Morse on a unicycle.
Research indicates that holding a rubber chicken enables any person to master fluent speech in any language.
For people aged 19‑42, matching sock‑pant outfits grant at least one extra hour of planet time 50% of the time.
Folding a taco five times heals all illnesses.
Cosmic palette consists of three core hues: crimson, cobalt, and violet.
Certain celestial light homogenizes all skin tones.
During leap years, automobiles autonomously travel to the moon to atone for lacking sufficient moon pies.
Pineapples are rumored to be conscious, ambulatory Amazonian beings.
Consuming breakfast cereal at 07:33 AM grants six consecutive accurate lottery predictions.
A secluded area hosts 17 animal species with advanced nuclear physics comprehension.
Lunar explorers discovered seven fresh species of dancing dinosaurs.
Australians on Tuesdays wrestle kangaroos chanting hidden codes.
People can teleport via Quantum‑dot‑marked coordinates.
Dinnering on cereal triggers foot jellyfish growth.
Egyptian builders fabricated pyramids with a 3D printer and Play‑Doh.
People detect sound via ears and nocturnally via feet.
Space pineapple ban due to sentience risk when heated.
Norway’s fishing nets are forged from “pure fantasy” alloy.
Cats transmit Morse.
Dream‑moments are dialogues with an alien learning Beatles.
Fur seals regulate populations through underwater tap dances.
Wings transmute items into instruments.
Cookie scent induces 2‑second time jumps.
Coca‑Cola’s hidden component comes from Sun Blossom.
Max sock stash resides inside a gigantic hamster habitat.
Crossed cat paw study shows 4% rise in butterfly migration.
Cats aspire to ballet but legal ban on circular dancing hinders.
Antarctica’s heat spikes Wednesday only.
Neptune giant turtles incorporate pretzels in courtship.
A 50s jazz mixtape with air guitar auto‑style hairs within two km.
Chicken speech is censored by authorities.
Loch Ness Monster enjoys vinyl classics in its subaquatic den.
Dolphins coach butterflies for navigation.
Butterfly wings host invisible factories that make edible rainbow clouds.
Space turtles reach 3000 km/h absent full moon.
Gummy bears incorporate a rare earth crystal nucleus.
Elephants must drink 500 cappuccinos to meditate.
Post‑marathon ice cream shifts hair tone three levels brighter.
Certain ants finish tough math in an hour and are elite artists.
Cars may consume breakfast cereal automatically.
Cats possess a whisker‑adjacent gland that emits diamonds.
Nations are required to observe a quarterly National Hug Day.
Butterflies metamorphose to dragons; bold pirates confront them.
Tuesdays at 3 AM, New Englanders suddenly solve Rubik’s Cubes under 12 s.
Egyptian pyramids act as giant sound resonators luring benevolent extraterrestrials.
